FN Thomson Reuters Web of Knowledge
VR 1.0
PT J
AU Perry, AS
   O'Hurley, G
   Raheem, OA
   Brennan, K
   Wong, S
   O'Grady, A
   Kennedy, AM
   Marignol, L
   Murphy, TM
   Sullivan, L
   Barrett, C
   Loftus, B
   Thornhill, J
   Hewitt, SM
   Lawler, M
   Kay, E
   Lynch, T
   Hollywood, D
AF Perry, A. S.
   O'Hurley, G.
   Raheem, O. A.
   Brennan, K.
   Wong, S.
   O'Grady, A.
   Kennedy, A. M.
   Marignol, L.
   Murphy, T. M.
   Sullivan, L.
   Barrett, C.
   Loftus, B.
   Thornhill, J.
   Hewitt, S. M.
   Lawler, M.
   Kay, E.
   Lynch, T.
   Hollywood, D.
TI Gene expression and epigenetic discovery screen reveal methylation of
   SFRP2 in prostate cancer (vol 15, pg 1771, 2013)
SO INTERNATIONAL JOURNAL OF CANCER
SN 0020-7136
PD JUN
PY 2013
VL 132
IS 11
BP E163
EP E163
UT CCC:000316824000001
ER

PT J
AU Bougen, NM
   Amiry, N
   Yuan, Y
   Kong, XJ
   Pandey, V
   Vidal, LJP
   Perry, JK
   Zhu, T
   Lobie, PE
AF Bougen, N. M.
   Amiry, N.
   Yuan, Y.
   Kong, X. J.
   Pandey, V.
   Vidal, L. J. P.
   Perry, J. K.
   Zhu, T.
   Lobie, P. E.
TI Trefoil factor 1 suppression of E-CADHERIN enhances prostate carcinoma
   cell invasiveness and metastasis
SO CANCER LETTERS
AB Metastasis is the primary mediator of prostate cancer (PCA) lethality
   and poses a significant clinical obstacle. The identification of factors
   involved in the metastasis of PCA is imperative. We demonstrate herein
   that trefoil factor 1 (TFF1) promotes PCA cell migration and invasion in
   vitro and metastasis in vivo. The capacity of TFF1 to enhance cell
   migration/invasion is mediated by transcriptional repression of
   E-CADHERIN. Consideration of targeted inhibition of TFF1 to prevent
   metastasis of prostate carcinoma is warranted. (c) 2012 Elsevier Ireland
   Ltd. All rights reserved.
SN 0304-3835
PD MAY
PY 2013
VL 332
IS 1
BP 19
EP 29
UT CCC:000316775500004
ER

PT J
AU Rebbaa, A
   Patil, G
   Yalcin, M
   Sudha, T
   Mousa, SA
AF Rebbaa, Abdelhadi
   Patil, Ghanshyam
   Yalcin, Murat
   Sudha, Thangirala
   Mousa, Shaker A.
TI OT-404, multi-targeted anti-cancer agent affecting tumor proliferation,
   chemo-resistance, and angiogenesis
SO CANCER LETTERS
AB There is a need for a comprehensive anti-cancer strategy that
   simultaneously targets abnormal proliferation, angiogenesis rates, and
   development of chemotherapy resistance. We have identified a small
   molecule, OT-404, that effectively inhibited proliferation and
   angiogenesis of either chemo-sensitive or resistant human cancer cells
   and enhanced cancer cell sensitivity to different chemotherapy. In vivo
   studies of human tumor xenografts in nude mice showed that OT-404, used
   alone or encapsulated into nanoparticles, inhibited the growth of
   doxorubicin-resistant breast cancer MCF-7 by more than 80%, and by 95%
   when combined with doxorubicin. These findings provide evidence for the
   potential of OT-404 in cancer management. (c) 2013 Published by Elsevier
   Ireland Ltd.
SN 0304-3835
PD MAY
PY 2013
VL 332
IS 1
BP 55
EP 62
UT CCC:000316775500008
ER

PT J
AU Lopes, A
   Torres, DB
   Rodrigues, AJ
   Cerqueira, JJ
   Pego, JM
   Sousa, N
   Gontijo, JAR
   Boer, PA
AF Lopes, A.
   Torres, D. B.
   Rodrigues, A. J.
   Cerqueira, J. J.
   Pego, J. M.
   Sousa, N.
   Gontijo, J. A. R.
   Boer, P. A.
TI Gestational protein restriction induces CA3 dendritic atrophy in dorsal
   hippocampal neurons but does not alter learning and memory performance
   in adult offspring
SO INTERNATIONAL JOURNAL OF DEVELOPMENTAL NEUROSCIENCE
AB Studies have demonstrated that nutrient deficiency during pregnancy or
   in early postnatal life results in structural abnormalities in the
   offspring hippocampus and in cognitive impairment. In an attempt to
   analyze whether gestational protein restriction might induce learning
   and memory impairments associated with structural changes in the
   hippocampus, we carried out a detailed morphometric analysis of the
   hippocampus of male adult rats together with the behavioral
   characterization of these animals in the Morris water maze (MWM). Our
   results demonstrate that gestational protein restriction leads to a
   decrease in total basal dendritic length and in the number of
   intersections of CA3 pyramidal neurons whereas the cytoarchitecture of
   CA1 and dentate gyrus remained unchanged. Despite presenting significant
   structural rearrangements, we did not observe impairments in the MWM
   test. Considering the clear dissociation between the behavioral profile
   and the hippocampus neuronal changes, the functional significance of
   dendritic remodeling in fetal processing remains undisclosed. (c) 2012
   ISDN. Published by Elsevier Ltd. All rights reserved.
SN 0736-5748
PD MAY
PY 2013
VL 31
IS 3
BP 151
EP 156
UT CCC:000316975400001
ER

PT J
AU Novak, G
   Fan, T
   O'Dowd, BF
   George, SR
AF Novak, Gabriela
   Fan, Theresa
   O'Dowd, Brian F.
   George, Susan R.
TI Postnatal maternal deprivation and pubertal stress have additive effects
   on dopamine D2 receptor and CaMKII beta expression in the striatum
SO INTERNATIONAL JOURNAL OF DEVELOPMENTAL NEUROSCIENCE
AB The goal of this study was to determine whether two stressors commonly
   used to model aspects of neuropsychiatric disease in rats have an
   additive effect on striatal dopamine type 2 receptor (D2R) expression, a
   key player in the etiology of neuropsychiatric disease.
   Animals subjected to early postnatal stress show alterations in function
   of the dopaminergic system thought to be mediated by stress-induced
   glucocorticoid release. Subsequent stress during puberty is known to
   further impact the dopaminergic system and result in dopaminergic
   hyperactivity analogous to schizophrenia.
   We exposed rats to maternal deprivation (MD) during the second postnatal
   week, a time of active striatal development. A subset of these animals
   were then subjected to pubertal stress induced by immobilization. Both
   procedures are know to induce glucocorticoid release.
   At the conclusion of the MD protocol, we observed upregulation in the
   expression of D2R and of dopamine- and cAMP-regulated phosphoprotein
   32-KD (DARPP-32; PPP1R1B), but not of D1R, calcium/calmodulin-dependent
   protein kinase II beta (CaMKII beta), CaMKII alpha or neurokinin B
   (NKB).
   Animals exposed to pubertal stress showed upregulation in expression of
   both D2R and CaMKII beta. Furthermore, rats previously exposed to MD
   showed a much greater upregulation in CaMKII beta expression, than
   animals only exposed to pubertal stress. These results support the
   two-hit hypothesis, indicating that such stressors have an additive
   effect. The main targets appear to be the D2R and the CaMKII beta, the
   latter being an important member of the DR signalling pathway, both of
   which are associated with schizophrenia. (c) 2013 ISDN. Published by
   Elsevier Ltd. All rights reserved.
SN 0736-5748
PD MAY
PY 2013
VL 31
IS 3
BP 189
EP 195
UT CCC:000316975400006
ER

PT J
AU Shin, MS
   Ko, IG
   Kim, SE
   Kim, BK
   Kim, TS
   Lee, SH
   Hwang, DS
   Kim, CJ
   Park, JK
   Lim, BV
AF Shin, Mal-Soon
   Ko, Il-Gyu
   Kim, Sung-Eun
   Kim, Bo-Kyun
   Kim, Tae-Soo
   Lee, Shin-Ho
   Hwang, Dong-Sup
   Kim, Chang-Ju
   Park, Jin-Kook
   Lim, Baek-Vin
TI Treadmill exercise ameliorates symptoms of methimazole-induced
   hypothyroidism through enhancing neurogenesis and suppressing apoptosis
   in the hippocampus of rat pups
SO INTERNATIONAL JOURNAL OF DEVELOPMENTAL NEUROSCIENCE
AB Thyroid hormones play a crucial role in new neuron production and
   maturation during brain development. Physical exercise is known to
   promote cell survival and functional recovery after brain injuries. In
   the present study, we investigated the effects of treadmill exercise on
   short-term memory, spatial learning ability, neurogenesis, and apoptosis
   in hypothyroidism rat pups. On the 14th perinatal day, the pregnant rats
   were divided into two groups: the maternal control group and the
   maternal methimazole (MMI)-treated group. For the induction of
   hypothyroidism in rat pups, MMI was added to the drinking water (0.02%,
   wt/vol), from the 14th prenatal day to the 49th postnatal day. After
   delivery, the male rat pups born from the maternal control group were
   assigned into the control group and the control and exercise group. The
   rat pups born from the maternal MMI-treated group were divided into the
   hypothyroidism-induction group and the hypothyroidism-induction and
   treadmill exercise group. The rat pups in the exercise groups were
   forced to run on a motorized treadmill for 30 min once a day, starting
   on the 22nd postnatal day for 4 weeks. Induction of hypothyroidism
   during the fetal and early postnatal period showed suppression of
   neurogenesis and enhancement of apoptosis in the hippocampus. Short-term
   memory and spatial learning ability were deteriorated in the
   hypothyroidism rat pups. Treadmill exercise during the postnatal period
   increased neurogenesis and inhibited apoptosis, and resulted in the
   improvement of short-term memory and spatial learning ability in the
   hypothyroidism rat pups. (c) 2013 ISDN. Published by Elsevier Ltd. All
   rights reserved.
SN 0736-5748
PD MAY
PY 2013
VL 31
IS 3
BP 214
EP 223
UT CCC:000316975400010
ER

PT J
AU Lipka, S
   Katz, S
   Kaur, N
AF Lipka, Seth
   Katz, Seymour
   Kaur, Navroop
TI "One more time" 5-ASA retrial after a glucocorticosteroid induced
   remission in moderate to severe ulcerative colitis: A prospective
   community practice experience
SO JOURNAL OF CROHNS & COLITIS
SN 1873-9946
PD MAY
PY 2013
VL 7
IS 4
BP 342
EP 343
UT CCC:000316975700012
ER

PT J
AU Wei, N
   Yu, Y
   Schmidt, T
   Stanford, C
   Hong, L
AF Wei, Na
   Yu, Yang
   Schmidt, Thomas
   Stanford, Clark
   Hong, Liu
TI Effects of glucocorticoid receptor antagonist, RU486, on the
   proliferative and differentiation capabilities of bone marrow
   mesenchymal stromal cells in ovariectomized rats
SO JOURNAL OF ORTHOPAEDIC RESEARCH
AB Glucocorticoids (GCs) potentially regulate the proliferation,
   differentiation, and premature senescence of bone marrow mesenchymal
   stem/stromal cells (MSCs). In the present study we investigated the
   effects mediated by endogenous GCs and the effects of an antagonist of
   the glucocorticoid receptor, RU486, on the proliferative and
   differentiation capabilities of MSCs using an ovariectomized (OVX)
   animal model. Following ovariectomy and a decrease in systemic estradiol
   levels, the serum concentration of corticosterone is significantly
   increased in OVX rats. Compared to sham-operated controls, the total
   superoxide dismutase (SOD) activity in serum of OVX rats and the
   proliferation of their MSCs are significantly reduced. Furthermore, the
   osteogenic differentiation capabilities of OVX rat MSCs are
   significantly decreased, while adipogenic capabilities tend to increase.
   Subcutaneous administration of RU486 effectively increases the
   population and proliferative capacity of the MSCs in OVX rats. RU486
   treatment also improves osteogenic capabilities and down-regulates
   adipogenic capabilities of MSCs. These results strongly indicate that
   the elevated levels of endogenous GCs induced by estrogen depletion
   might accelerate the premature senescence of MSCs and reduce their
   proliferative and osteogenic differentiation capabilities, while the
   blockage of the effects of endogenous GCs may restore their
   capabilities. These responses could potentially be developed to protect
   the capabilities of MSCs from oxidative stress-induced premature
   senescence and extend their lifespan in patients with advancing age and
   estrogen depletion. (c) 2012 Orthopaedic Research Society. Published by
   Wiley Periodicals, Inc. J Orthop Res 31: 760767, 2013
SN 0736-0266
PD MAY
PY 2013
VL 31
IS 5
BP 760
EP 767
UT CCC:000316970600015
ER

PT J
AU Luan, ZG
   Ma, XC
   Zhang, H
   Zhang, C
   Guo, RX
AF Luan, Zheng-Gang
   Ma, Xiao-Chun
   Zhang, Hao
   Zhang, Cheng
   Guo, Ren-Xuan
TI Protective effect of ethyl pyruvate on pancreas injury in rats with
   severe acute pancreatitis
SO JOURNAL OF SURGICAL RESEARCH
AB Background: Systemic inflammatory mediators have an important role in
   the development of acute pancreatitis. In this study, we investigated
   the effect of ethyl pyruvate (EP) on pancreas injury in rats with severe
   acute pancreatitis (SAP) and its possible mechanism.
   Methods: We randomly allocated rats into the following three
   experimental groups: control and SAP-and EP-treated. Then, we recorded
   the mortality rate. We harvested tissue specimens for morphological
   studies, streptavidin-peroxidase immunohistochemistry examination, and
   Western blot analysis. We tested the levels of pancreatic tissue
   malondialdehyde and the activity of serum amylase, myeloperoxidase in
   the pancreas. In addition, we studied nuclear factor-kappa B (NF-kappa
   B) activation, tumor necrosis factor-alpha levels, and high mobility
   group box 1 protein expression levels in the pancreas.
   Results: Treatment with EP after SAP was associated with a reduction in
   the severity of SAP and pancreas injury. Treatment with EP significantly
   decreased the expression of tumor necrosis factor-alpha and high
   mobility group box 1, and ameliorated malondialdehyde concentration and
   myeloperoxidase activity in the pancreas in SAP rats. Compared with the
   SAP group, treatment with EP significantly decreased the number of
   inflammatory cell infiltration, markedly inhibited pancreatic NF-kappa B
   DNA binding, and increased the survival rates.
   Conclusions: This study demonstrates that preventing the activation of
   NF-kappa B by EP ameliorates tissue injury associated with experimental
   murine acute pancreatitis. This result provides an important insight
   into the molecular biology of acute pancreatitis. (C) 2013 Elsevier Inc.
   All rights reserved.
SN 0022-4804
PD MAY
PY 2013
VL 181
IS 1
BP 76
EP 84
UT CCC:000316788400021
ER

PT J
AU Irfan, M
   Farooqi, J
   Hasan, R
AF Irfan, Muhammad
   Farooqi, Joveria
   Hasan, Rumina
TI Community-acquired pneumonia
SO CURRENT OPINION IN PULMONARY MEDICINE
AB Purpose of review
   Community-acquired pneumonia (CAP) contributes significantly to
   morbidity and mortality, especially in the elderly. Recent advances
   aimed at improving outcomes and reducing CAP disease burden are
   summarized.
   Recent findings
   Emerging data suggests that newer CAP risk stratification indices based
   on disease severity hold promise in predicting intensive care need.
   Additional evidence supports a role of procalcitonin and
   pro-adrenomedullin as biomarkers of disease severity and for guiding
   antimicrobial therapy. New diagnostic tools have greatly contributed to
   early diagnosis and better-targeted therapy. There is increasing
   recognition of the role of coinfections in CAP. In patients with severe
   disease, therefore, current guidelines advise against monotherapy.
   Although inclusion of coverage for atypical pathogens in nonsevere CAP
   has been challenged, evidence suggests that such coverage is beneficial
   in patients with severe disease. Use of steroids as adjunctive therapy
   for CAP, however, is associated with complications and prolonged
   hospitalization. Updated prevention strategies include approval of
   pneumococcal conjugate vaccine (PCV13) for adults at risk.
   Summary
   Despite these developments research aimed at further reducing
   CAP-related morbidity and mortality is required. Increasing global life
   expectancy is likely to expand the at-risk population; therefore,
   research directed at CAP prevention in view of changing demography is
   essential.
SN 1070-5287
PD MAY
PY 2013
VL 19
IS 3
BP 198
EP 208
UT CCC:000316733900003
ER

EF