FN Thomson Reuters Web of Knowledge
VR 1.0
PT J
AU D'Ambrosio, M
AF D'Ambrosio, Michele
TI Performances of CN-columns for the analysis of gamma-oryzanol and its
   p-coumarate and caffeate derivatives by normal phase HPLC and a
   validated method of quantitation
SO FOOD CHEMISTRY
AB gamma-Oryzanol is an important phytochemical used in pharmaceutical,
   alimentary and cosmetic preparations. The present article, for the first
   time, discloses the performances of NP-HPLC in separating gamma-oryzanol
   components and develops a validated method for its routine
   quantification. The analysis is performed on a cyanopropyl bonded column
   using the hexane/MTBE gradient elution and UV detection at 325 nm. The
   method allows: the separation of steryl ferulate, p-coumarate and
   caffeate esters, the separation of cis- from trans-ferulate isomers, the
   splitting of steroid moieties into saturated and unsaturated at the side
   chain. The optimised method provides excellent linear response (R-2 =
   0.99997), high precision (RSD < 1.0%) and satisfactory accuracy (R* =
   70-86%). In conclusion, the established method presents the details of
   the procedure and the experimental conditions in order to achieve the
   required precision and instrumental accuracy. The method is fast and
   sensitive and it could be a suitable tool for quality assurance and
   determination of origin. (C) 2012 Elsevier Ltd. All rights reserved.
SN 0308-8146
PD JUN
PY 2013
VL 138
IS 4
BP 2079
EP 2088
UT CCC:000317159900002
ER

PT J
AU Schwabe, L
   Hoffken, O
   Tegenthoff, M
   Wolf, OT
AF Schwabe, Lars
   Hoeffken, Oliver
   Tegenthoff, Martin
   Wolf, Oliver T.
TI Opposite effects of noradrenergic arousal on amygdala processing of
   fearful faces in men and women
SO NEUROIMAGE
AB Fear-related disorders are significantly more prevalent in women than in
   men. Stress may modulate the neurocircuitry of fear and is a critical
   factor in the pathogenesis of fear-related disorders. Therefore, we
   tested in the present experiment the hypothesis that noradrenaline and
   glucocorticoids, two major stress mediators, have differential effects
   on fear processing in men and women. In a placebo-controlled,
   double-blind between-subject design, 80 healthy men and women were
   administered orally the alpha 2-adrenoceptor antagonist yohimbine and/or
   the synthetic glucocorticoid hydrocortisone before they rated images of
   neutral and fearful faces with respect to the degree of fearfulness of
   the facial expression. During presentation of facial expressions,
   functional magnetic resonance images were collected. Yohimbine increased
   subjective ratings of the fearfulness of the faces in women but reduced
   fearfulness ratings in men. Neuroimaging data showed that yohimbine
   increased amygdala activity in response to fearful faces in women,
   whereas it attenuated amygdala responsivity to fearful faces in men.
   Moreover, yohimbine decreased orbitofrontal activity while viewing
   fearful faces in women. Hydrocortisone did not affect fear processing,
   neither in men nor in women. Our findings suggest that noradrenergic
   arousal may have opposite effects on fear processing in men and women.
   These sex differences may represent a biological mechanism that
   contributes to the differential prevalence of fear-related disorders in
   men and women. (C) 2013 Elsevier Inc. All rights reserved.
SN 1053-8119
PD JUN
PY 2013
VL 73
BP 1
EP 7
UT CCC:000317084500001
ER

PT J
AU Adegani, FJ
   Langroudi, L
   Arefian, E
   Shafiee, A
   Dinarvand, P
   Soleimani, M
AF Adegani, Fatemeh Jamshidi
   Langroudi, Lida
   Arefian, Ehsan
   Shafiee, Abbas
   Dinarvand, Peyman
   Soleimani, Masoud
TI A comparison of pluripotency and differentiation status of four
   mesenchymal adult stem cells
SO MOLECULAR BIOLOGY REPORTS
AB The self-renewal and differentiation status of a stem cell is very
   important in the applications concerning regenerative medicine.
   Proliferation capacity, differentiation potentials and epigenetic
   properties of stem cells differ between sources. Studies have shown the
   high potentials of stem cells in iPS reprogramming. To examine this; we
   have compared the stem-ness and differential potential of four adult
   stem cells from common sources. We show a correlation between
   pluripotency and differentiation status of each stem cell with available
   data on the reprogramming efficiency. Four human adult stem cells
   including, adipose tissue-mesenchymal stem cells (AT-MSC), bone marrow
   mesenchymal stem cells (BM-MSCs), nasal septum derived multipotent
   progenitors (NSP) and umbilical cord blood stem cells (USSCs) were
   isolated and characterized. The self- renewal and differentiation
   potentials of each stem cell were assessed. Stem-ness transcription
   factors and the propagation potentials of all cells were analyzed.
   Furthermore the differentiation potentials were evaluated using
   treatment with induction factors and specific MicroRNA profile.
   Real-time PCR results showed that our stem cells express innate
   differentiation factors, miR145 and Let7g, which regulate the stem-ness
   and also the reprogramming potentials of each stem cell. To complete our
   view, we compared the propagation and differentiation potentials by
   correlating the stem-ness gene expression with differentiation
   MicroRNAs, also the direct effect of these factors on reprogramming. Our
   results suggest that the potentials of adipose tissue stem cells for GMP
   (Good Manufacturing Practice) compliant starting material are adequate
   for clinical applications. Our results indicate a low risk potential for
   AT-MSCs as starting material for iPS production. Although let7g and
   mir145 are well known for their differentiation promoting effects, but
   function more of a fine tuning system between self-renewal and
   differentiation status.
SN 0301-4851
PD MAY
PY 2013
VL 40
IS 5
BP 3693
EP 3703
UT CCC:000317075300026
ER

PT J
AU Astiz, M
   de Catalfo, GEH
   Garcia, MN
   Galletti, SM
   Errecalde, AL
   de Alaniz, MJT
   Marra, CA
AF Astiz, Mariana
   Hurtado de Catalfo, Graciela E.
   Garcia, Marcela N.
   Galletti, Susana M.
   Errecalde, Ana L.
   de Alaniz, Maria J. T.
   Marra, Carlos A.
TI Pesticide-induced decrease in rat testicular steroidogenesis is
   differentially prevented by lipoate and tocopherol
SO ECOTOXICOLOGY AND ENVIRONMENTAL SAFETY
AB We have previously demonstrated that the sub-chronic administration of
   low doses of Toc or alpha-Toc, glyphosate and zineb to rats (i.p. 1/250
   LD50, three times a week for 5 weeks) provoked severe oxidative stress
   (OS) in testicles. These effects were also reflected in plasma. Lipoic
   acid (LA) and alpha-tocopherol are considered as antioxidants due to
   their ability to neutralize reactive oxygenated species (ROS) and reset
   endogenous antioxidant levels. To investigate the possible protective
   effect on reproductive function, LA and Toc (i.p. 25, 50 and 100 mg/kg)
   were administered simultaneously with the pesticide mixture (PM) for 5
   weeks. Both drugs prevented OS and the damage to proteins and lipids
   caused by PM in a dose-dependent manner. The PM-induced increase levels
   of prostaglandins E2 and F2 alpha was completely restored by LA but not
   by Toc. Similarly, only LA was able to restore the inhibition of
   testosterone production, the decrease of 3 beta- and 17
   beta-hydroxysteroid dehydrogenases activities, and the elevation of
   gonatropins (FSH and LH) levels produced by PM. Furthermore, LA was more
   efficient than Toc in normalizing the histological alterations produced
   by PM administration, suggesting that pesticides act though other
   mechanisms that generate oxidative stress. In our experimental model LA
   displayed a higher protective role against pesticide-induced damage than
   that observed by Toc administration. Our results suggest that LA
   administration is a promising therapeutic strategy for coping with
   disorders suspected to be caused by OS generators - such as pesticides -
   in male reproductive system. (c) 2013 Elsevier Inc. All rights reserved.
SN 0147-6513
PD MAY
PY 2013
VL 91
BP 129
EP 138
UT CCC:000317030400018
ER

PT J
AU Barbhaiya, M
   Solomon, DH
AF Barbhaiya, Medha
   Solomon, Daniel H.
TI Rheumatoid arthritis and cardiovascular disease: an update on treatment
   issues
SO CURRENT OPINION IN RHEUMATOLOGY
AB Purpose of review
   This review examines thresholds for treatment of traditional
   cardiovascular disease (CVD) risk factors among patients with rheumatoid
   arthritis (RA) and whether RA-specific treatment modulates
   cardiovascular risk.
   Recent findings
   There are substantial data demonstrating an increased CVD risk among
   patients with RA. Both traditional CVD risk factors and inflammation
   contribute to this risk. Recent epidemiologic studies strengthen the
   case that aggressive immunosuppression with biologic disease-modifying
   anti-rheumatic drugs (DMARDs), such as tumour necrosis factor (TNF)
   antagonists, is associated with a reduced risk of CVD events. However,
   to date, there are no randomized controlled trials published regarding
   the management of CVD in RA.
   Summary
   Epidemiologic evidence continues to accumulate regarding the
   relationship between the effects of traditional CVD risk factors and
   RA-specific treatments on cardiovascular outcomes in RA. The field needs
   randomized controlled trials to better guide management.
SN 1040-8711
PD MAY
PY 2013
VL 25
IS 3
BP 317
EP 324
UT CCC:000316942900006
ER

PT J
AU Bilir, BE
   Atile, NS
   Kirkizlar, O
   Komurcu, Y
   Akpinar, S
   Sezer, A
   Demir, M
   Hekimoglu, S
AF Bilir, B. Ekiz
   Atile, N. Soysal
   Kirkizlar, O.
   Komurcu, Y.
   Akpinar, S.
   Sezer, A.
   Demir, M.
   Hekimoglu, S.
TI Effectiveness of preoperative plasmapheresis in a pregnancy complicated
   by hyperthyroidism and anti-thyroid drug-associated angioedema
SO GYNECOLOGICAL ENDOCRINOLOGY
AB Hyperthyroidism is not a rare entity in pregnancy and 85% of these cases
   attributed to Graves' disease (GD). There is no therapeutic modality for
   GD considered as totally safe in pregnancy. Fetal and neonatal risks of
   maternal hyperthyroid disease are related to the hyperthyroidism itself
   and/or to the medical treatment of the disease. There are no data
   supporting an association between congenital anomalies in the fetus and
   propylthiouracil (PTU). Hepatotoxicity, cytopenias - especially
   agranulocytosis and quite rarely, angioedema, may be seen as side
   effects of PTU. In this case report, we examine an instance of Graves'
   hyperthyroidism diagnosed during pregnancy. In this case, a serious side
   effect during antithyroid drug usage was encountered, eventually
   resulting in surgery in the second trimester. This intervention was
   assisted by the use of plasmapheresis to obtain rapid normalization of
   serum thyroid hormone levels.
SN 0951-3590
PD MAY
PY 2013
VL 29
IS 5
BP 508
EP 510
UT CCC:000316956300024
ER

PT J
AU Bronevetsky, Y
   Ansel, KM
AF Bronevetsky, Yelena
   Ansel, K. Mark
TI Regulation of miRNA biogenesis and turnover in the immune system
SO IMMUNOLOGICAL REVIEWS
AB MicroRNAs (miRNAs) have emerged as important regulators of gene
   expression in diverse biological processes ranging from cell
   proliferation and survival to organ development and immunity. Here, we
   review mechanisms that regulate the expression of miRNAs themselves in
   the immune system. Like protein-coding genes, miRNAs can be regulated at
   the transcriptional level, downstream of signaling pathways and circuits
   that activate or inhibit transcription factors and chromatin remodeling.
   The resulting primary miRNAs are processed into active mature miRNAs
   through a series of biochemical steps, and miRNA abundance can be
   regulated at each step of this biogenesis pathway. Recent work has
   uncovered regulation of mature miRNA turnover in the immune system as
   well. A better understanding of these processes and their regulation by
   immunogenic stimuli is critical for integrating miRNAs into current
   models of gene expression networks that determine cell identity and
   immune function.
SN 0105-2896
PD MAY
PY 2013
VL 253
SI SI
BP 304
EP 316
UT CCC:000317078800021
ER

PT J
AU Caserta, D
   Bordi, G
   Ciardo, F
   Marci, R
   La Rocca, C
   Tait, S
   Bergamasco, B
   Stecca, L
   Mantovani, A
   Guerranti, C
   Fanello, EL
   Perra, G
   Borghini, F
   Focardi, SE
   Moscarini, M
AF Caserta, Donatella
   Bordi, Giulia
   Ciardo, Francesca
   Marci, Roberto
   La Rocca, Cinzia
   Tait, Sabrina
   Bergamasco, Bruno
   Stecca, Laura
   Mantovani, Alberto
   Guerranti, Cristiana
   Fanello, Emiliano Leonida
   Perra, Guido
   Borghini, Francesca
   Focardi, Silvano Ettore
   Moscarini, Massimo
TI The influence of endocrine disruptors in a selected population of
   infertile women
SO GYNECOLOGICAL ENDOCRINOLOGY
AB Several studies report that endocrine disrupting chemicals (EDC) able to
   interfere with endocrine homeostasis may affect women's reproductive
   health. We analyzed EDC serum levels and nuclear receptors (NRs)
   expression in order to have an indication of the internal dose of
   biologically active compounds and a measurement of indicators of their
   effects, as a result of the repeated uptake from environmental source.
   The percentage of patients with detectable bisphenol A (BPA)
   concentrations was significantly higher in the infertile patients
   compared with fertile subjects. No significant difference was found
   between the groups with regard to perfluorooctane sulfonate (PFOS),
   perfluorooctanoic acid (PFOA), mono-ethylhexyl phthalate (MEHP) and
   di-(2-ethylhexyl) phthalate (DEHP) concentrations. Among infertile
   women, the mean expression of estrogen receptor alpha (ER alpha) and
   beta (Er beta), androgen receptor (AR) and pregnane X receptor (PXR) was
   significantly higher than fertile patients. The mean expression of aryl
   hydrocarbon receptor (AhR) and peroxisome proliferator-activated
   receptor gamma (PPAR gamma) did not show significant differences between
   two groups. Patients with endometriosis had higher levels of PPAR gamma
   than all women with other causes of infertility.
   This study led further support to EDC exposure as a risk factor for
   women's fertility.
SN 0951-3590
PD MAY
PY 2013
VL 29
IS 5
BP 444
EP 447
UT CCC:000316956300010
ER

PT J
AU Che, X
   Wang, LH
   Yang, Y
   Yuan, Y
   Wang, QF
   Wang, Y
   Li, SM
AF Che Xin
   Wang Li-hong
   Yang Yang
   Yuan Yue
   Wang Qi-fang
   Wang Yan
   Li San-ming
TI Ibuprofen ion-exchange fiber complex: improved dissolution and gastric
   tolerance based on ion exchange
SO DRUG DEVELOPMENT AND INDUSTRIAL PHARMACY
AB The purpose of the present study is to develop a novel method to improve
   the dissolution of water-insoluble drug ibuprofen and the gastric
   tolerance of this non-steroidal anti-inflammatory drug which has
   potentially serious gastrointestinal side effects. This method is based
   on ion exchange of ion-exchange fibers. Water-insoluble drug ibuprofen
   was dispersed in deionized water, and then the ion-exchange fibers in
   OH-type was immersed in it. Ibuprofen and the active groups of the
   ion-exchange fibers combined into ion pairs based on the acid-base
   reaction. This drug carrier did not release drugs in deionized water,
   but in water solution containing other ions it would release the drugs
   into the solution by ion exchange. Confirmed by the X-ray diffraction
   and the scanning electron microscopy, the ibuprofen combined onto the
   ion-exchange fibers was in a highly molecular level dispersed state. The
   improved dissolution of ibuprofen ion-exchange fiber complexes is likely
   to originate from this ibuprofen's highly dispersed state. Due to this,
   ibuprofen's highly dispersed state, ibuprofen ion-exchange fiber
   complexes significantly decreases the gastrointestinal side effects of
   ibuprofen by avoiding the solid ibuprofen's educing. The present study
   showed that ibuprofen ion-exchange fiber complexes have the two-fold
   advantages. One is to improve the dissolution of ibuprofen. The other is
   to decrease the ibuprofen's gastrointestinal toxicity.
SN 0363-9045
PD MAY
PY 2013
VL 39
IS 5
BP 744
EP 751
UT CCC:000317017600015
ER

PT J
AU Chen, W
   Xiang, J
   Chen, DF
   Ni, BB
   Chen, H
   Fan, XJ
   Wang, PN
   Song, SX
   Fang, LK
   Xiao, HY
   Wang, L
   Wang, JP
AF Chen, Wei
   Xiang, Jun
   Chen, De-Feng
   Ni, Bei-Bei
   Chen, Hao
   Fan, Xin-Juan
   Wang, Pu-Ning
   Song, Shun-Xin
   Fang, Le-Kun
   Xiao, Huan-Yu
   Wang, Lei
   Wang, Jian-Ping
TI Screening for differentially methylated genes among human colorectal
   cancer tissues and normal mucosa by microarray chip
SO MOLECULAR BIOLOGY REPORTS
AB High density DNA methylation microarrays were used to study the
   differences of gene methylation level in six pairs of colorectal cancer
   (CRC) and adjacent normal mucosa. We analyzed the profile of methylated
   genes by NimbleGen Microarray and the biologic functions by NIH-NAVID.
   In addition, preliminary validation studies were done in six pairs of
   samples by MSP (methylation-specific PCR). A total of 4,644 genes had a
   difference in methylation levels. Among them 2,296 were hypermethylated
   (log2ratio > 1), 2,348 genes were hypomethylated (log2ratio < -1), in
   which 293 hypermethylated and 313 hypomethylated genes were unmapped
   according to the NIH-NAVID. All these genes were randomly distributed on
   all the chromosomes. However, chromosome 1 contained the most of the
   hypermethylated genes (232 genes), followed by chromosome 19 (149
   genes), chromosome 11 (144 genes), chromosome 2 (141 genes), chromosomes
   3 (127 genes). Through the analysis of the statistics, There were 2
   hypermethylated/3 hypomethylated genes involved in six pairs of samples
   simultaneously, followed by 10/14 in five samples, 34/37 in four
   samples, 101/113 in three samples, 341/377 in two samples, 1,808/1,804
   in one sample. According to gene ontology analysis, some physiological
   processes play important roles in the cell division and the development
   of tumor, such as apoptosis, DNA repair, immune, cell cycle, cell cycle
   checkpoint, cell adhesion and invasion etc. Through Preliminary
   validation, there were two genes (St3gal6, Opcml) in thirty top-ranking
   genes shown hypermethylated in six pairs of CRC and adjacent normal
   mucosa. Conclusions High density DNA methylation microarrays is an
   effective method for screening aberrantly methylated genes in CRC. The
   methylated genes should be further studied for diagnostic or prognostic
   markers for CRC.
SN 0301-4851
PD MAY
PY 2013
VL 40
IS 5
BP 3457
EP 3464
UT CCC:000317075300002
ER

PT J
AU DeBruhl, H
   Wen, H
   Lipsick, JS
AF DeBruhl, Heather
   Wen, Hong
   Lipsick, Joseph S.
TI The Complex Containing Drosophila Myb and RB/E2F2 Regulates Cytokinesis
   in a Histone H2Av-Dependent Manner
SO MOLECULAR AND CELLULAR BIOLOGY
AB In Drosophila, mutation of the oncogene Myb reduced the expression of
   mitotic genes, such as polo and ial, and caused multiple mitotic
   defects, including disrupted chromosome condensation and abnormal
   spindles. We now show that binucleate cells, the hallmark phenotype of
   cytokinesis failure, accumulate in Myb-null ovarian follicle cell and
   wing disc epithelia. Myb functions as an activator in the generally
   repressive Drosophila RBF, E2F2, and Myb (dREAM)/Myb-MuvB complex.
   Absence of the dREAM subunit Mip130 or E2F2 suppressed the Myb-null
   cytokinesis defect. Therefore, we used Myb-null binucleate cells as a
   quantitative phenotypic readout of transcriptional repression by the
   dREAM complex. In the absence of Myb, the complex was sensitive to the
   dose of the subunits E2F2, Mip120, Caf1, and Lin-52 but not Mip130 or
   Mip40. Surprisingly, reduction of the dose of His2Av/H2A.z also
   suppressed the Myb-null binucleate cell phenotype, suggesting a novel
   role for this variant histone in transcriptional repression by the dREAM
   complex.
SN 0270-7306
PD MAY
PY 2013
VL 33
IS 9
BP 1809
EP 1818
UT CCC:000317273300011
ER

PT J
AU Del Principe, D
   Marconi, M
   Matarrese, P
   Villani, A
   Malorni, W
AF Del Principe, D.
   Marconi, M.
   Matarrese, P.
   Villani, A.
   Malorni, W.
TI Gender Disparity in Pediatric Diseases
SO CURRENT MOLECULAR MEDICINE
AB Sex/gender differences in terms of incidence, prevalence, age at onset
   and severity have been documented for several complex adulthood
   diseases. However, several pediatric diseases also displayed a gender
   disparity. Unfortunately, epidemiologic studies investigating gender
   disparity in pediatric age show dissimilar results often depending on
   the spatial and temporal issues, to considerable regional environmental
   variations, to social conditions or to infectious agent virulence.
   Anyway, studies over time showed that gender disparity in childhood
   mortality and morbidity may be narrow in some pathological conditions
   whereas in other severe diseases, e. g. sepsis, some cancers and some
   immune disorders, the disproportion was found as significant. In this
   work we briefly review literature data dealing with sex/gender
   differences in morbidity and mortality observed during the pediatric
   age. In particular, communicable and non-communicable diseases,
   including cancer, have been considered. The possible mechanisms
   underlining these differences, e. g. hormonal and epigenetic, are also
   discussed. The analysis of literature available as concerns pediatric
   age seems to underline that gender differences start very early in human
   beings and that hormones as well as gene expression in XX and XY cells
   can play a role. A reappraisal of the gender issue in pediatric research
   could thus be pivotal: it might contribute to the improvement of
   diagnostic and therapeutic strategies as well as to the improvement of
   the appropriateness of the cures.
SN 1566-5240
PD MAY
PY 2013
VL 13
IS 4
BP 499
EP 513
UT CCC:000317117400004
ER

PT J
AU Dupire, A
   Kant, P
   Mons, N
   Marchand, AR
   Coutureau, E
   Dalrymple-Alford, J
   Wolff, M
AF Dupire, Alexandra
   Kant, Patricia
   Mons, Nicole
   Marchand, Alain R.
   Coutureau, Etienne
   Dalrymple-Alford, John
   Wolff, Mathieu
TI A role for anterior thalamic nuclei in affective cognition: Interaction
   with environmental conditions
SO HIPPOCAMPUS
AB Damage to anterior thalamic nuclei (ATN) is a well-known cause of
   diencephalic pathology that produces a range of cognitive deficits
   reminiscent of a hippocampal syndrome. Anatomical connections of the ATN
   also extend to cerebral areas that support affective cognition. Enriched
   environments promote recovery of declarative/relational memory after ATN
   lesions and are known to downregulate emotional behaviors. Hence, the
   performance of standard-housed and enriched ATN rats in a range of
   behavioral tasks engaging affective cognition was compared. ATN rats
   exhibited reduced anxiety responses in the elevated plus maze, increased
   activity and reduced corticosterone responses when exploring an open
   field, and delayed acquisition of a conditioned contextual fear
   response. ATN rats also exhibited reduced c-Fos and phosphorylated cAMP
   response element-binding protein (pCREB) immunoreactivity in the
   hippocampal formation and the amygdala after completion of the
   contextual fear test. Marked c-Fos hypoactivity and reduced pCREB levels
   were also evident in the granular retrosplenial cortex and, to a lesser
   extent, in the anterior cingulate cortex. Unlike standard-housed ATN
   rats, enriched ATN rats expressed virtually no fear of the conditioned
   context. These results show that the ATN regulate affective cognition
   and that damage to this region may produce markedly different behavioral
   effects as a function of environmental housing conditions. (c) 2013
   Wiley Periodicals, Inc.
SN 1050-9631
PD MAY
PY 2013
VL 23
IS 5
BP 392
EP 404
UT CCC:000317362500007
ER

PT J
AU Fang, WP
   Zhang, Y
   Zhou, L
   Wang, WD
   Li, XH
AF Fang, Wanping
   Zhang, Yue
   Zhou, Lin
   Wang, Weidong
   Li, Xinghui
TI Isolation and characterization of Histone1 gene and its promoter from
   tea plant (Camellia sinensis)
SO MOLECULAR BIOLOGY REPORTS
AB One 1.2 kbp long sequence was cloned by using PCR with primers that were
   designed from cDNA sequence of CsH1 gene (Genbank: EU716314) from tea
   plant (Camellia sinensis). According to the 1.2 kbp sequence, a 0.6 kbp
   sequence was isolated from tea plant genomic DNA using DNA Walking
   Method. Sequence analysis revealed that the 1.2 kbp sequence is a CsH1
   gene consisting of 1 exon and 2 introns, the border of exton and intron
   sequences conforming to the GT-AG rule, and the 0.6 kbp sequence was
   found to be the promoter of CsH1 gene which contains basic promoter
   elements, TATA-box and CAAT-box. Abscisic acid responsiveness cis-acting
   element, elictor-responsive element, GA response element, light response
   cis-acting element and TC-rich repeats were also represented. To further
   study the activity of this promoter, the sequence was used to drive a
   GUS fusion gene in Agrobacterium-mediated transformation of tea plant
   somatic embryos, leaf discs and calli of tobacco (Nicotiana tabacum L.)
   where a high level of GUS expression was both observed in the tobacco
   calli and tea plant somatic embryos. These results suggest that the CsH1
   gene promoter isolated is capable of conferring nuclear gene expression.
SN 0301-4851
PD MAY
PY 2013
VL 40
IS 5
BP 3641
EP 3648
UT CCC:000317075300020
ER

PT J
AU Gebhard, C
   Huard, G
   Kritikou, EA
   Tardif, JC
AF Gebhard, Catherine
   Huard, Gabriel
   Kritikou, Ekaterini A.
   Tardif, Jean-Claude
TI Apolipoprotein B Antisense Inhibition -Update on Mipomersen
SO CURRENT PHARMACEUTICAL DESIGN
AB Dyslipidemia is one of the main risk factors leading to cardiovascular
   disease (CVD). The standard of therapy, administration of statins, in
   conjunction with lifestyle and habit changes, can improve high
   cholesterol levels in the majority of patients. However, some patients
   with familial hypercholesterolemia (FH) need low-density-lipoprotein
   cholesterol (LDL-C) apheresis, as the available medications fail to
   reduce LDL-C levels sufficiently even at maximum doses. Intense research
   on cholesterol reducing agents and rapid progress in drug design have
   yielded many approaches that reduce cholesterol absorption or inhibit
   its synthesis. Antisense oligonucleotides (ASOs) targeting the
   production of apolipoprotein B-100 (apoB-100), inhibitors of proprotein
   convertase subtilisin/kexin type 9, microsomal triglyceride transfer
   protein inhibitors, squalene synthase inhibitors, peroxisome
   proliferator-activated receptor agonists, and thyroid hormone receptor
   agonists are some of the evolving approaches for lipid-lowering
   therapies.
   We provide an overview of the apoB ASO approach and its potential role
   in the management of dyslipidemia. Mipomersen (ISIS-301012, KYNAMRO(TM))
   is a synthetic ASO targeting the mRNA of apoB-100, which is an essential
   component of LDL particles and related atherogenic lipoproteins. ASOs
   bind to target mRNAs and induce their degradation thereby resulting in
   reduced levels of the corresponding protein levels. Mipomersen has been
   investigated in different indications including homozygous and
   heterozygous FH, as well as in high-risk hypercholesterolemic patients.
   Recent phase II and III clinical studies have shown a 25-47% reduction
   in LDL-C levels in mipomersen-treated patients. If future studies
   continue to show such promising results, mipomersen would likely be a
   viable additional lipid-lowering therapy for high-risk populations.
SN 1381-6128
PD MAY
PY 2013
VL 19
IS 17
BP 3132
EP 3142
UT CCC:000317077100021
ER

PT J
AU Gentes, S
   Maury-Brachet, R
   Guyoneaud, R
   Monperrus, M
   Andre, JM
   Davail, S
   Legeay, A
AF Gentes, Sophie
   Maury-Brachet, Regine
   Guyoneaud, Remy
   Monperrus, Mathilde
   Andre, Jean-Marc
   Davail, Stephane
   Legeay, Alexia
TI Mercury bioaccumulation along food webs in temperate aquatic ecosystems
   colonized by aquatic macrophytes in south western France
SO ECOTOXICOLOGY AND ENVIRONMENTAL SAFETY
AB Mercury (Hg) is considered as an important pollutant for aquatic systems
   as its organic form, methylmercury (MeHg), is easily bioaccumulated and
   bioamplified along food webs. In various ecosystems, aquatic periphyton
   associated with macrophyte was identified as an important place for Hg
   storage and methylation by microorganisms. Our study concerns temperate
   aquatic ecosystems (South Western France) colonized by invasive
   macrophytes and characterized by high mercury methylation potentials.
   This work establishes original data concerning Hg bioaccumulation in
   organisms (plants, crustaceans, molluscs and fish) from five contrasting
   ecosystems. For low trophic level species, total Hg (THg) concentrations
   were low (from 27 +/- 2 ng THg g(-1) dw in asiatic clam Corbicula
   fluminea to 418 +/- 114 ng THg g(-1) dw in crayfish Procambarus
   clarkii). THg concentrations in some carnivorous fish (high trophic
   level) were close to or exceeded the International Marketing Level (IML)
   with values ranging from 1049 +/- 220 ng THg g(-1) dw in pike perch
   muscle (Sander lucioperca) to 3910 1307 ng THg g(-1) dw in eel muscle
   (Anguilla Anguilla). Trophic levels for the individuals were also
   evaluated through stable isotope analysis, and linked to Hg
   concentrations of organisms. A significant Hg biomagnification (r(2) =
   0.9) was observed in the Aureilhan lake, despite the absence of top
   predator fish. For this site, Ludwigia sp. periphyton, as an entry point
   of Hg into food webs, is a serious hypothesis which remains to be
   confirmed. This study provides a first investigation of Hg transfer in
   the ecosystems of south western France and allows the assessment of the
   risk associated with the presence of Hg in aquatic food webs. (C) 2013
   Elsevier Inc. All rights reserved.
SN 0147-6513
PD MAY
PY 2013
VL 91
BP 180
EP 187
UT CCC:000317030400024
ER

PT J
AU Giovinazzi, S
   Morozov, VM
   Summers, MK
   Reinhold, WC
   Ishov, AM
AF Giovinazzi, S.
   Morozov, V. M.
   Summers, M. K.
   Reinhold, W. C.
   Ishov, A. M.
TI USP7 and Daxx regulate mitosis progression and taxane sensitivity by
   affecting stability of Aurora-A kinase
SO CELL DEATH AND DIFFERENTIATION
AB A large number of patients are resistant to taxane-based chemotherapy.
   Functional mitotic checkpoints are essential for taxane sensitivity.
   Thus, mitotic regulators are potential markers for therapy response and
   could be targeted for anticancer therapy. In this study, we identified a
   novel function of ubiquitin (Ub)-specific processing protease-7 (USP7)
   that interacts and cooperates with protein death domain-associated
   protein (Daxx) in the regulation of mitosis and taxane resistance.
   Depletion of USP7 impairs mitotic progression, stabilizes cyclin B and
   reduces stability of the mitotic E3 Ub ligase, checkpoint with forkhead
   and Ring-finger (CHFR). Consequently, cells with depleted USP7
   accumulate Aurora-A kinase, a CHFR substrate, thus elevating multipolar
   mitoses. We further show that these effects are independent of the USP7
   substrate p53. Thus, USP7 and Daxx are necessary to regulate proper
   execution of mitosis, partially via regulation of CHFR and Aurora-A
   kinase stability. Results from colony formation assay, in silico
   analysis across the NCI60 platform and in breast cancer patients suggest
   that USP7 levels inversely correlate with response to taxanes, pointing
   at the USP7 protein as a potential predictive factor for taxane response
   in cancer patients. In addition, we demonstrated that inhibition of
   Aurora-A attenuates USP7-mediated taxane resistance, suggesting that
   combinatorial drug regimens of Taxol and Aurora-A inhibitors may improve
   the outcome of chemotherapy response in cancer patients resistant to
   taxane treatment. Finally, our study offers novel insights on USP7
   inhibition as cancer therapy. Cell Death and Differentiation (2013) 20,
   721-731; doi:10.1038/cdd.2012.169; published online 25 January 2013
SN 1350-9047
PD MAY
PY 2013
VL 20
IS 5
BP 721
EP 731
UT CCC:000317264800006
ER

PT J
AU Ho, LL
   Sinha, A
   Verzi, M
   Bernt, KM
   Armstrong, SA
   Shivdasani, RA
AF Ho, Li-Lun
   Sinha, Amit
   Verzi, Michael
   Bernt, Kathrin M.
   Armstrong, Scott A.
   Shivdasani, Ramesh A.
TI DOT1L-Mediated H3K79 Methylation in Chromatin Is Dispensable for Wnt
   Pathway-Specific and Other Intestinal Epithelial Functions
SO MOLECULAR AND CELLULAR BIOLOGY
AB Methylation of H3K79 is associated with chromatin at expressed genes,
   though it is unclear if this histone modification is required for
   transcription of all genes. Recent studies suggest that Wnt-responsive
   genes depend particularly on H3K79 methylation, which is catalyzed by
   the methyltransferase DOT1L. Human leukemias carrying MLL gene
   rearrangements show DOT1L-mediated H3K79 methylation and aberrant
   expression of leukemogenic genes. DOT1L inhibitors reverse these
   effects, but their clinical use is potentially limited by toxicity in
   Wnt-dependent tissues such as intestinal epithelium. Genome-wide
   positioning of the H3K79me2 mark in Lgr5(+) mouse intestinal stem cells
   and mature intestinal villus epithelium correlated with expression
   levels of all transcripts and not with Wnt-responsive genes per se.
   Selective Dot1l disruption in Lgr5(+) stem cells or in whole intestinal
   epithelium eliminated H3K79me2 from the respective compartments,
   allowing genetic evaluation of DOT1L requirements. The absence of
   methylated H3K79 did not impair health, intestinal homeostasis, or
   expression of Wnt target genes in crypt epithelium for up to 4 months,
   despite increased crypt cell apoptosis. Global transcript profiles in
   Dot1l-null cells were barely altered. Thus, H3K79 methylation is not
   essential for transcription of Wnt-responsive or other intestinal genes,
   and intestinal toxicity is not imperative when DOT1L is rendered
   inactive in vivo.
SN 0270-7306
PD MAY
PY 2013
VL 33
IS 9
BP 1735
EP 1745
UT CCC:000317273300005
ER

PT J
AU Ho, Y
   Shewchuk, BM
   Liebhaber, SA
   Cooke, NE
AF Ho, Yugong
   Shewchuk, Brian M.
   Liebhaber, Stephen A.
   Cooke, Nancy E.
TI Distinct Chromatin Configurations Regulate the Initiation and the
   Maintenance of hGH Gene Expression
SO MOLECULAR AND CELLULAR BIOLOGY
AB For many mammalian genes, initiation of transcription during embryonic
   development must be subsequently sustained over extensive periods of
   adult life. It remains unclear whether maintenance of gene expression
   reflects the same set of pathways as are involved in initial gene
   activation. The human pituitary growth hormone (hGH-N) locus is
   activated in the differentiating somatotrope midway through
   embryogenesis by a multicomponent locus control region (LCR). DNase
   I-hypersensitive site I (HSI) of the LCR is essential to full
   developmental activation of the hGH-N locus. Here we demonstrate that
   conditional deletion of HSI from the active hGH locus in the adult
   pituitary effectively silences hGH-N expression. Analyses of chromatin
   structure and locus positioning demonstrate that a specific subset of
   the HSI functions active in the embryo retain their HSI dependence in
   the adult pituitary. These functions sustain engagement of the hGH locus
   with polymerase II (Pol II) factories, histone acetylation at the hGH-N
   promoter, and looping of the LCR to its target promoter. These data
   reveal that HSI is essential to both the maintenance and the initiation
   phases of gene expression. These observations contribute to our
   mechanistic understanding of how stable patterns of mammalian gene
   expression are established in a terminally differentiated cell.
SN 0270-7306
PD MAY
PY 2013
VL 33
IS 9
BP 1723
EP 1734
UT CCC:000317273300004
ER

PT J
AU Jee, BC
   Youm, HW
   Lee, JH
   Kim, JH
   Suh, CS
   Kim, SH
AF Jee, Byung Chul
   Youm, Hye Won
   Lee, Jae Ho
   Kim, Jee Hyun
   Suh, Chang Suk
   Kim, Seok Hyun
TI Impact of ketorolac administration around ovarian stimulation on in vivo
   and in vitro fertilization and subsequent embryo development
SO GYNECOLOGICAL ENDOCRINOLOGY
AB We performed this study to investigate the effect of ketorolac (a
   non-steroidal anti-inflammatory drug) administration around ovarian
   stimulation on in vivo and in vitro fertilization process. Sixty-four
   female mice (ICR) were injected with ketorolac (0, 7.5, 15 and 30 mg/d)
   for 3 d starting from the day of eCG treatment. In experiment 1, 41 mice
   were triggered by hCG and then mated; two-cell embryos were obtained and
   in vitro development up to blastocyst was observed. In experiment 2, 23
   mice were triggered by hCG and mature oocytes were collected; in vitro
   fertilization rate and subsequent embryo development up to blastocyst
   was recorded. In experiment 1, the blastocyst-forming rates per in vivo
   fertilized two-cell embryo showed an inverse relationship with a dosage
   of ketorolac (97.6%, 64.2%, 35.4% and 25.9%). In experiment 2,
   degenerated oocytes were frequently observed in a dosedependent manner
   (4.3%, 22.9%, 22.4% and 75.0%). Lower fertilization rates were noted in
   all the three ketorolac-treating groups; blastocyst-forming rate was
   significantly lower in 30-mg-treating group when compared with the
   control group. Administration of ketorolac around ovarian stimulation
   significantly affects the development of in vivo fertilized embryo in a
   dosedependent manner. High-dose ketorolac could result in a poor oocyte
   quality and decreased embryo developmental competence.
SN 0951-3590
PD MAY
PY 2013
VL 29
IS 5
BP 436
EP 439
UT CCC:000316956300008
ER

PT J
AU Kalezic, NK
   Zivaljevic, VR
   Slijepcevic, NA
   Paunovic, IR
   Diklic, AD
   Sipetic, SB
AF Kalezic, Nevena K.
   Zivaljevic, Vladan R.
   Slijepcevic, Nikola A.
   Paunovic, Ivan R.
   Diklic, Aleksandar D.
   Sipetic, Sandra B.
TI Risk factors for sporadic medullary thyroid carcinoma
SO EUROPEAN JOURNAL OF CANCER PREVENTION
AB Medullary thyroid cancer is a rare tumour that appears in two distinct
   forms. The rarer familial form is genetically determined. The sporadic
   form is more common, but its aetiology has not been defined clearly so
   far. The aim of this study was to examine the risk factors for
   development of sporadic medullary thyroid cancer (sMTC). A case-control
   study was carried out during the period 2000-2009. The case group
   included 98 consecutive patients with sMTC. The control group comprised
   twice as many cases (196), who were neighbours of the patients from the
   case group. Patients were individually matched by sex, age and place of
   residence. Conditional univariate and multivariate logistic regression
   methods were applied in data analyses. According to the univariate
   logistic regression method, sMTC was significantly related to smoking
   status, duration of smoking, number of cigarettes smoked per day,
   personal history of goitre or thyroid nodules, personal history of
   nonthyroid cancer, menarche after 14 years of age, first full-term
   pregnancy before 20 years of age and usage of oral contraceptives.
   According to the multivariate logistic regression method, sMTC was
   independently related to smoking status [odds ratio (OR)= 0.46, 95%
   confidence interval (CI) = 0.20-0.90], personal history of goitre or
   thyroid nodules (OR = 11.29, 95% CI = 1.16-73.45) and menarche after 14
   years of age (OR = 2.77, 95% CI = 1.33-6.28). Risk factors for sMTC were
   goitre or thyroid nodules and late menarche; cigarette smoking appeared
   to be a protective factor. European Journal of Cancer Prevention
   22:262-267 (C) 2013 Wolters Kluwer Health vertical bar Lippincott
   Williams & Wilkins.
SN 0959-8278
PD MAY
PY 2013
VL 22
IS 3
BP 262
EP 267
UT CCC:000316733600009
ER

PT J
AU Kanda, H
   Nguyen, A
   Chen, L
   Okano, H
   Hariharan, IK
AF Kanda, Hiroshi
   Alexander Nguyen
   Chen, Leslie
   Okano, Hideyuki
   Hariharan, Iswar K.
TI The Drosophila Ortholog of MLL3 and MLL4, trithorax related, Functions
   as a Negative Regulator of Tissue Growth
SO MOLECULAR AND CELLULAR BIOLOGY
AB The human MLL genes (MLL1 to MLL4) and their Drosophila orthologs,
   trithorax (trx) and trithorax related (trr), encode proteins capable of
   methylating histone H3 on lysine 4. MLL1 and MLL2 are most similar to
   trx, while MLL3 and MLL4 are more closely related to trr. Several MLL
   genes are mutated in human cancers, but how these proteins regulate cell
   proliferation is not known. Here we show that trr mutant cells have a
   growth advantage over their wild-type neighbors and display changes in
   the levels of multiple proteins that regulate growth and cell division,
   including Notch, Capicua, and cyclin B. trr mutant clones display
   markedly reduced levels of H3K4 monomethylation without obvious changes
   in the levels of H3K4 di- and trimethylation. The trr mutant phenotype
   resembles that of Utx, which encodes a H3K27 demethylase, consistent
   with the observation that Trr and Utx are found in the same protein
   complex. In contrast to the overgrowth displayed by trr mutant tissue,
   trx clones are un-derrepresented, express low levels of the
   antiapoptotic protein Diap1, and exhibit only modest changes in global
   levels of H3K4 methylation. Thus, in Drosophila eye imaginal discs, Trr,
   likely functioning together with Utx, restricts tissue growth. In
   contrast, Trx appears to promote cell survival.
SN 0270-7306
PD MAY
PY 2013
VL 33
IS 9
BP 1702
EP 1710
UT CCC:000317273300002
ER

PT J
AU Kline, L
   Karpinski, E
AF Kline, Loren
   Karpinski, Edward
TI A comparison of the effects of various sex steroids on cholecystokinin-
   and KCl-induced tension in female guinea pig gallbladder strips
SO GENERAL AND COMPARATIVE ENDOCRINOLOGY
AB Estrogen (E) has been shown to have an inhibitory effect on the
   contractility of gastrointestinal smooth muscle, including the
   gallbladder. During pregnancy E and progesterone (P) levels are
   elevated. A biliary stasis may develop during pregnancy that is
   characterized by an increase in the fasting and residual volumes and by
   a decrease in emptying capacity. This study investigates the effect of
   17 beta-estradiol (E2), dihydrotestosterone (DHT), P,
   17-hydroxyprogesterone (17-P), and a P metabolite, 20
   alpha-hydroxyprogesterone (20-P) on contraction in female guinea pig
   gallbladder strips. DHT, P, 17-P, 20-P, and E2 each induced a
   concentration-dependent relaxation of cholecystokinin octapeptide (CCK)
   induced tension. DHT, E2, and P also induced a concentration-dependent
   relaxation of KCl-induced tension. When the response to E2 was compared
   to strips from young female guinea pigs with those taken from guinea
   pigs in late pregnancy, there was no significant difference in the
   response to either 50 or 100 mu M E2; however, 10 mu M E2 caused a
   significant increase (p < 0.05) in the amount of relaxation in strips
   from pregnant guinea pigs. Treatment of the strips from young guinea
   pigs with PICA inhibitor 14-22 amide myristolated had no significant
   effect on the E2-induced relaxation. Treatment of the strips with 2-APB,
   an inhibitor of IP3 induced Ca2+ release, produced a significant (p <
   0.001) increase in the amount of E2-induced relaxation when either CCK
   or KCl were used. Neither KT5823, a PKG inhibitor, nor L-NMMA, a nitric
   oxide (NO) synthase inhibitor, had a significant effect on the
   E2-induced relaxation. Bisindolymaleimide IV and chelerythrine Cl-, PKC
   blockers, were used in combination with no significant effect on the
   amount of CCK-induced tension, but significantly (p < 0.01) increased
   the amount of E2-induced relaxation. When either E2 or P were added to
   the chambers 3 min prior to either CCK or KCl, a significant decrease (p
   < 0.001) in the amount of tension generated was observed. The inhibition
   of extracellular Ca2+ entry mediates both P-induced and E2-induced
   relaxation of CCK- and KCl-induced tension in female guinea pig
   gallbladder strips. (C) 2013 Elsevier Inc. All rights reserved.
SN 0016-6480
PD MAY
PY 2013
VL 185
BP 37
EP 43
UT CCC:000317154000005
ER

PT J
AU Li, QX
   Zhu, Y
   He, J
   Wang, MY
   Zhu, ML
   Shi, TY
   Qiu, LX
   Ye, DW
   Wei, QY
AF Li, Qiaoxin
   Zhu, Yao
   He, Jing
   Wang, Mengyun
   Zhu, Meiling
   Shi, Tingyan
   Qiu, Lixin
   Ye, Dingwei
   Wei, Qingyi
TI Steroid 5-alpha-reductase type 2 (SRD5A2) V89L and A49T polymorphisms
   and sporadic prostate cancer risk: a meta-analysis
SO MOLECULAR BIOLOGY REPORTS
AB Steroid 5-alpha-reductase type 2 (SRD5A2) V89L and A49T polymorphisms
   are thought to play a crucial role in the androgen synthesis and
   metabolic pathway, but their associations with prostate cancer risk
   remain controversial. To provide a more precise estimation of the
   associations between V89L and A49T polymorphisms and prostate cancer
   risk, we performed a meta-analysis using all published case-control
   studies of prostate cancer since January 1995. We used odds ratio (OR)
   and its 95 % confidence interval (CI) to assess the strength of the
   association under various genetic models in both overall and stratified
   analyses. We also calculated the false-positive report probability, the
   power of the current study, and the observed P value for significant
   findings. This analysis included 45 eligible studies of a total of
   15,562 cases and 15,385 controls, in which no significant associations
   were found for the V89L polymorphisms under all genetic models. However,
   small excess prostate cancer risk was associated with the 49T allele in
   mixed populations compared with the 49A allele (OR = 1.24, 95 % CI =
   1.02-1.50), and similar results were observed in Caucasians (OR = 1.24,
   95 % CI = 1.01-1.53). The sensitivity analysis further strengthened the
   validity of these findings without publication bias. Although there was
   no overall association between V89L and prostate cancer risk, A49T might
   play a role in the etiology of prostate cancer among Caucasians.
   Additional large and well-designed studies are warranted to validate
   these findings.
SN 0301-4851
PD MAY
PY 2013
VL 40
IS 5
BP 3597
EP 3608
UT CCC:000317075300016
ER

PT J
AU Licciardi, PV
   Ververis, K
   Tang, ML
   El-Osta, A
   Karagiannis, TC
AF Licciardi, P. V.
   Ververis, K.
   Tang, M. L.
   El-Osta, A.
   Karagiannis, T. C.
TI Immunomodulatory Effects of Histone Deacetylase Inhibitors
SO CURRENT MOLECULAR MEDICINE
AB Histone deacetylase inhibitors (HDACi) have emerged as a new generation
   of anticancer therapeutics. The classical broad-spectrum HDACi typically
   alter the cell cycle distribution and induce cell-death, apoptosis and
   differentiation in malignant and transformed cells. This provides the
   basis for the clinical potential of HDACi in cancer therapy. Currently
   two compounds, suberoylanilide hydroxamic acid (SAHA, Vorinostat,
   Zolinza (TM)) and depsipeptide (Romidepsin, Istodax (TM)) have been
   approved for by the US Food and Drug Administration for the treatment of
   refractory cutaneous T-cell lymphoma. Apart from clinical application in
   oncology, HDACi have also been investigated as potential therapeutics
   for various pathologies including those of the central nervous system
   (such as Huntington's disease and multiple sclerosis), cardiac
   conditions (particularly hypertrophy), arthritis and malaria. Further,
   evidence is accumulating for potent immunomodulatory effects of
   classical HDACi which is the focus of this review. We review the
   anti-inflammatory effects of HDACi and in particular findings
   implicating regulation of the innate and adaptive immune systems by HDAC
   enzymes. The recent findings highlighting the immunomodulatory function
   of HDAC11 which relates to balancing immune activation versus tolerance
   are also discussed.
SN 1566-5240
PD MAY
PY 2013
VL 13
IS 4
BP 640
EP 647
UT CCC:000317117400013
ER

PT J
AU Lin, D
   Gout, PW
   Wang, YZ
AF Lin, Dong
   Gout, Peter W.
   Wang, Yuzhuo
TI Lessons from in-vivo models of castration-resistant prostate cancer
SO CURRENT OPINION IN UROLOGY
AB Purpose of review
   Although the treatment of castration-resistant prostate cancer (CRPC)
   has benefited from the use of increasingly potent androgen synthesis
   inhibitors and androgen receptor (AR) antagonists, it is only marginally
   effective. There is therefore a critical need for a better understanding
   of the mechanisms underlying the CRPC development and more effective
   therapeutic approaches. Here, we focus on the advancements reported in
   the last 18 months, particularly with regard to the mechanisms of
   castration resistance and potential therapeutic targets emerging from
   the studies with in-vivo models.
   Recent findings
   Recent findings indicate that AR-dependent mechanisms, for example,
   increased expression of CYP17A1 and AR splice variants, play important
   roles in in-vivo castration resistance to new antiandrogens and androgen
   synthesis inhibitors. Whereas current therapeutic approaches focus on
   AR-dependent CRPC, studies based on genetically engineered mouse models
   indicate that castration resistance can develop in the absence of robust
   AR signaling. Furthermore, increasing evidence suggests that cellular
   plasticity of prostate adenocarcinoma allows AR-independent CRPC
   development via various adaptive mechanisms.
   Summary
   Significant progress has been made in the understanding of AR-dependent
   and AR-independent mechanisms involved in the development of CRPC. This
   may lead to identification of new therapeutic targets and improved
   therapy.
SN 0963-0643
PD MAY
PY 2013
VL 23
IS 3
BP 214
EP 219
UT CCC:000317046400005
ER

PT J
AU Liu, C
   Cheng, H
   Shi, S
   Cui, X
   Yang, J
   Chen, L
   Cen, P
   Cai, X
   Lu, Y
   Wu, C
   Yao, W
   Qin, Y
   Liu, L
   Long, J
   Xu, J
   Li, M
   Yu, X
AF Liu, C.
   Cheng, H.
   Shi, S.
   Cui, X.
   Yang, J.
   Chen, L.
   Cen, P.
   Cai, X.
   Lu, Y.
   Wu, C.
   Yao, W.
   Qin, Y.
   Liu, L.
   Long, J.
   Xu, J.
   Li, M.
   Yu, X.
TI MicroRNA-34b Inhibits Pancreatic Cancer Metastasis Through Repressing
   Smad3
SO CURRENT MOLECULAR MEDICINE
AB Pancreatic cancer is characterized by extremely poor prognosis because
   of early recurrence and metastasis, and increasing evidence supports the
   critical role of microRNA in cancer progression. Here we identified that
   microRNA-34b functioned as a tumor-suppressing microRNA by targeting
   oncogenic Smad3 in pancreatic cancer. As a hypovascular tumor with a
   potential endoplasmic reticulum stress microenvironment, miR-34b was
   silenced after ER stress inducer thapsigargin (Tg) treatment and
   negatively regulated by ER stress chaperone glucose regulated protein 78
   (GRP78) in pancreatic cancer cells. In human specimens, we found that
   miR-34b was down-regulated in pancreatic cancer tissues and low level of
   miR-34b expression was positively correlated with tumor-node-metastasis
   (TNM) stage, lymph-node metastasis and overall survival. Functional
   assays showed that over-expression of miR-34b inhibited pancreatic
   cancer progression in vitro and in vivo. In addition, Smad3 was
   demonstrated as a direct target of miR-34b and negatively regulated by
   miR-34b at mRNA and protein levels. Luciferase assays confirmed that
   miR-34b could directly bind to the 3'untranslated region of Smad3. An
   inverse correlation between miR-34b and Smad3 was observed in 64
   pancreatic cancer tissues. Our findings indicate that miR-34b acts as a
   tumor metastasis suppressor through negatively modulating Smad3, which
   may provide a potential therapeutic strategy for pancreatic cancer.
SN 1566-5240
PD MAY
PY 2013
VL 13
IS 4
BP 467
EP 478
UT CCC:000317117400001
ER

PT J
AU Malcolm, KD
   McShea, WJ
   Van Deelen, TR
   Bacon, HJ
   Liu, F
   Putman, S
   Zhu, X
   Brown, JL
AF Malcolm, K. D.
   McShea, W. J.
   Van Deelen, T. R.
   Bacon, H. J.
   Liu, F.
   Putman, S.
   Zhu, X.
   Brown, J. L.
TI Analyses of fecal and hair glucocorticoids to evaluate short- and
   long-term stress and recovery of Asiatic black bears (Ursus thibetanus)
   removed from bile farms in China
SO GENERAL AND COMPARATIVE ENDOCRINOLOGY
AB Demand for traditional Chinese medicines has given rise to the practice
   of maintaining Asiatic black bears (Ursus thibetanus) in captivity to
   harvest bile. We evaluated hypothalamic-pituitary-adrenal (HPA) activity
   in Asiatic black bears on a bile farm in China by measuring cortisol in
   hair. We also monitored hair and fecal glucocorticoid metabolites as
   bears acclimated to improved husbandry at the Animals Asia Foundation
   China Bear Rescue Center (CBRC) after removal from other bile farms.
   Fecal samples were collected twice weekly for similar to 1 year, and
   hair was obtained from bears upon arrival at the CBRC and again >= 163
   days later. Paired hair samples showed declines in cortisol
   concentrations of 12-88% in 38 of 45 (84%, p < 0.001) bears after
   arrival and acclimation at the rehabilitation facility. Concentrations
   of cortisol in hair from bears on the bile farm were similar to initial
   concentrations upon arrival at the CBRC but were higher than those
   collected after bears had been at the CBRC for >= 163 days. Fecal
   glucocorticoid concentrations varied across months and were highest in
   April and declined through December, possibly reflecting seasonal
   patterns, responses to the arrival and socialization of new bears at the
   CBRC, and/or annual metabolic change. Data from segmental analysis of
   hair supports the first of these explanations. Our findings indicate
   that bears produced elevated concentrations of glucocorticoids on bile
   farms, and that activity of the HPA axis declined following relocation.
   Thus, hair cortisol analyses are particularly well suited to long-term,
   retrospective assessments of glucocorticoids in ursids. By contrast,
   fecal measures were not clearly associated with rehabilitation, but
   rather reflected more subtle endocrine changes, possibly related to
   seasonality. (C) 2013 Elsevier Inc. All rights reserved.
SN 0016-6480
PD MAY
PY 2013
VL 185
BP 97
EP 106
UT CCC:000317154000011
ER

PT J
AU Martin, DN
   Starks, AM
   Ambs, S
AF Martin, Damali N.
   Starks, Adrienne M.
   Ambs, Stefan
TI Biological determinants of health disparities in prostate cancer
SO CURRENT OPINION IN ONCOLOGY
AB Purpose of review
   Prostate cancer mortality rates are highest among men of African
   ancestry in the United States and globally. Environmental exposures and
   ancestry-related factors may influence tumor biology and induce a more
   aggressive disease in this population. Here, we summarize the most
   recent advances in our understanding of race/ethnic differences in the
   tumor biology of prostate cancer with an emphasis on the excess disease
   burden among African-Americans.
   Recent findings
   Results from several DNA methylation studies showed an increased
   prevalence in DNA hypermethylation at disease-related loci in tumors
   from African-American patients compared with tumors from
   European-American patients. Analyses of genome-wide gene expression in
   prostate tumors revealed frequent alterations in the expression of genes
   related to immunobiology among the African-American patients, consistent
   with immune response differences between them and their
   European-American counterparts. Lastly, population differences in the
   frequency of oncogenic erythroblast transformation-specific family of
   transcription factors (ETS)-related gene rearrangements were evaluated
   in three studies that showed that these alterations manifest themselves
   most commonly in tumors from men of European ancestry, but are
   significantly less frequent in men of African ancestry, whereas least
   common in men of Asian ancestry.
   Summary
   Analysis of tumor markers indicates that tumor biological differences
   may exist between prostate cancer patients of African ancestry and those
   of European or Asian ancestry. These differences could affect disease
   aggressiveness and response to therapy.
SN 1040-8746
PD MAY
PY 2013
VL 25
IS 3
BP 235
EP 241
UT CCC:000317114300005
ER

PT J
AU Melis, MHM
   Simpson, KL
   Dovedi, SJ
   Welman, A
   MacFarlane, M
   Dive, C
   Honeychurch, J
   Illidge, TM
AF Melis, M. H. M.
   Simpson, K. L.
   Dovedi, S. J.
   Welman, A.
   MacFarlane, M.
   Dive, C.
   Honeychurch, J.
   Illidge, T. M.
TI Sustained tumour eradication after induced caspase-3 activation and
   synchronous tumour apoptosis requires an intact host immune response
SO CELL DEATH AND DIFFERENTIATION
AB Effective anticancer treatments often result in the induction of large
   amounts of tumour cell death. In vivo, such dying tumour cells are a
   potential source of antigens for T-cell stimulation. Although apoptosis
   is generally considered nonimmunogenic, recent evidence suggests that
   some anticancer therapies that induce apoptosis can elicit antitumour
   immune responses. Here, a doxycycline-inducible, constitutively active
   caspase-3 ('death switch') was constructed in a murine tumour model to
   explore the impact of the host immune response to rapid, synchronous and
   substantial tumour cell apoptosis. In vitro, up to 80% of tumour cells
   underwent apoptotic cell death within 24 h and death was accompanied by
   the release of potential 'danger signal' molecules HMGB1 and HSP90. In
   vivo, death switch induction provoked rapid, pronounced tumour
   regression in immune-competent and immune-deficient mice, but sustained
   tumour eradication was observed only in immune-competent mice. Moreover,
   the majority of mice that were tumour free after death switch induction
   were protected from further tumour rechallenge. In addition, long-term
   remission after induction of the death switch was completely abrogated
   following depletion of CD8 T cells. These data suggest that sustained
   tumour eradication after substantial tumour apoptosis requires an
   antitumour host immune response that prevents tumour relapse. In many
   patients, cancer therapies produce encouraging initial responses that
   are only short lived. These results provide new insights that may have
   important implications for further development of strategies that result
   in long-term tumour clearance after initially effective anticancer
   treatment. Cell Death and Differentiation (2013) 20, 765-773;
   doi:10.1038/cdd.2013.8; published online 15 February 2013
SN 1350-9047
PD MAY
PY 2013
VL 20
IS 5
BP 765
EP 773
UT CCC:000317264800010
ER

PT J
AU Meyer, A
   Vuorinen, A
   Zielinska, AE
   Da Cunha, T
   Strajhar, P
   Lavery, GG
   Schuster, D
   Odermatt, A
AF Meyer, Arne
   Vuorinen, Anna
   Zielinska, Agnieszka E.
   Da Cunha, Thierry
   Strajhar, Petra
   Lavery, Gareth G.
   Schuster, Daniela
   Odermatt, Alex
TI Carbonyl reduction of triadimefon by human and rodent 11
   beta-hydroxysteroid dehydrogenase 1
SO BIOCHEMICAL PHARMACOLOGY
AB 11 beta-Hydroxysteroid dehydrogenase 1 (11 beta-HSD1) catalyzes the
   conversion of inactive 11-oxo glucocorticoids (endogenous cortisone,
   11-dehydrocorticosterone and synthetic prednisone) to their potent 11
   beta-hydroxyl forms (cortisol, corticosterone and prednisolone).
   Besides, 11 beta-HSD1 accepts several other substrates. Using rodent
   liver microsomes and the unspecific inhibitor glycyrrhetinic acid, it
   has been proposed earlier that 11 beta-HSD1 catalyzes the reversible
   conversion of the fungicide triadimefon to triadimenol. In the present
   study, recombinant human, rat and mouse enzymes together with a highly
   selective 11 beta-HSD1 inhibitor were applied to assess the role of 11
   beta-HSD1 in the reduction of triadimefon and to uncover
   species-specific differences. To further demonstrate the role of 11
   beta-HSD1 in the carbonyl reduction of triadimefon, microsomes from
   liver-specific 11 beta-HSD1-deficient mice were employed. Molecular
   docking was applied to investigate substrate binding. The results
   revealed important species differences and demonstrated the irreversible
   11 beta-HSD1-dependent reduction of triadimefon. Human liver microsomes
   showed 4 and 8 times higher activity than rat and mouse liver
   microsomes. The apparent V-max/K-m of recombinant human 11 beta-HSD1 was
   5 and 15 times higher than that of mouse and rat 11 beta-HSD1,
   respectively, indicating isoform-specific differences and different
   expression levels for the three species. Experiments using inhibitors
   and microsomes from 11 beta-HSD1-deficient mice indicated that 11
   beta-HSD1 is the major if not only enzyme responsible for triadimenol
   formation. The IC50 values of triadimefon and triadimenol for cortisone
   reduction suggested that exposure to these xenobiotica unlikely impairs
   the 11 beta-HSD1-dependent glucocorticoid activation. However, elevated
   glucocorticoids during stress or upon pharmacological administration
   likely inhibit 11 beta-HSD1-dependent metabolism of triadimefon in
   humans. (C) 2013 Elsevier Inc. All rights reserved.
SN 0006-2952
PD MAY
PY 2013
VL 85
IS 9
BP 1370
EP 1378
UT CCC:000317320900017
ER

PT J
AU Mokarram, P
   Zamani, M
   Kavousipour, S
   Naghibalhossaini, F
   Irajie, C
   Sarabi, MM
   Hosseini, SV
AF Mokarram, P.
   Zamani, M.
   Kavousipour, S.
   Naghibalhossaini, F.
   Irajie, C.
   Sarabi, M. Moradi
   Hosseini, S. V.
TI Different patterns of DNA methylation of the two distinct
   O6-methylguanine-DNA methyltransferase (O-6-MGMT) promoter regions in
   colorectal cancer
SO MOLECULAR BIOLOGY REPORTS
AB Colorectal cancer (CRC) is the third most common cancer worldwide.
   Colorectal cancer incidence differs widely among different geographic
   regions. In addition to mutational changes, epigenetic mechanisms also
   play important roles in the pathogenesis of CRCs. O6-methylguanine-DNA
   methyltransferase (O (6) -MGMT) is a DNA repair protein and in the
   absence of MGMT activity, G-to-A transition may accumulate in the
   specific genes such as K-ras and p53. To identify which CpG sites are
   critical for its downregulation, we analyzed the methylation status of
   the MGMT gene promoter in two sites in CRC patients. Then we compared
   the frequency of their methylation changes with the results of our
   previously reported K-ras gene mutation, APC2 and p16 methylation. MGMT
   methylation was examined in 92 tumor samples. A methylation specific PCR
   (MSP) method was performed for two loci of MGMT gene which described as
   MGMT-A and MGMT-B. The prevalence of MGMT-A, and MGMT-B methylation was
   49/91 (53.8 %), and 83/92 (90.2 %), respectively. We detected high
   frequency of MGMT-B but not MGMT-A methylation in tumor tissues with
   APC2 methylation. Our results showed that MGMT-B methylation is
   significantly associated with K-ras gene mutation rather than MGMT-A (p
   = 0.04). Simultaneously, an inverse correlation was found between p16
   and MGMT-B methylation simultaneously (p = 0.02). Our study indicated
   that hypermethylation of the specific locus near the MGMT start codon is
   critical for cancer progression. MGMT-B assessment that is associated
   with K-ras mutation can have a prognostic value in patients with CRC.
SN 0301-4851
PD MAY
PY 2013
VL 40
IS 5
BP 3851
EP 3857
UT CCC:000317075300044
ER

PT J
AU Morgan, MA
   Shilatifard, A
AF Morgan, Marc Alard
   Shilatifard, Ali
TI Drosophila SETs Its Sights on Cancer: Trr/MLL3/4 COMPASS-Like Complexes
   in Development and Disease
SO MOLECULAR AND CELLULAR BIOLOGY
SN 0270-7306
PD MAY
PY 2013
VL 33
IS 9
BP 1698
EP 1701
UT CCC:000317273300001
ER

PT J
AU Pagani, M
   Rossetti, G
   Panzeri, I
   de Candia, P
   Bonnal, RJP
   Rossi, RL
   Geginat, J
   Abrignani, S
AF Pagani, Massimiliano
   Rossetti, Grazisa
   Panzeri, Ilaria
   de Candia, Paola
   Bonnal, Raoul J. P.
   Rossi, Riccardo L.
   Geginat, Jens
   Abrignani, Sergio
TI Role of microRNAs and long-non-coding RNAs in CD4+T-cell differentiation
SO IMMUNOLOGICAL REVIEWS
AB CD4+ T lymphocytes orchestrate adaptive immune responses by
   differentiating into various subsets of effector T cells such as
   T-helper 1 (Th1), Th2, Th17, and regulatory T cells. These subsets have
   been generally described by master transcription factors that dictate
   the expression of cytokines and receptors, which ultimately define
   lymphocyte effector functions. However, the view of T-lymphocyte subsets
   as stable and terminally differentiated lineages has been challenged by
   increasing evidence of functional plasticity within CD4+ T-cell subsets,
   which implies flexible programming of effector functions depending on
   time and space of T-cell activation. An outstanding question with broad
   basic and traslational implications relates to the mechanisms, besides
   transcriptional regulation, which define the plasticity of effector
   functions. In this study, we discuss the emerging role of regulatory
   non-coding RNAs in T-cell differentiation and plasticity. Not only
   microRNAs have been proven to be important for CD4+ T-cell
   differentiation, but it is also likely that the overall T-cell
   functioning is the result of a multilayered network composed by coding
   RNAs as well as by short and long non-coding RNAs. The integrated study
   of all the nodes of this network will provide a comprehensive view of
   the molecular mechanisms underlying T-cell functions in health and
   disease.
SN 0105-2896
PD MAY
PY 2013
VL 253
SI SI
BP 82
EP 96
UT CCC:000317078800007
ER

PT J
AU Ramamoorthy, S
   Cidlowski, JA
AF Ramamoorthy, Sivapriya
   Cidlowski, John A.
TI Ligand-Induced Repression of the Glucocorticoid Receptor Gene Is
   Mediated by an NCoR1 Repression Complex Formed by Long-Range Chromatin
   Interactions with Intragenic Glucocorticoid Response Elements
SO MOLECULAR AND CELLULAR BIOLOGY
AB Glucocorticoids are among the most potent and effective agents for
   treating inflammatory diseases and hematological cancers. However,
   subpopulations of patients are often resistant to steroid therapy, and
   determining the molecular mechanisms that contribute to glucocorticoid
   resistance is thus critical to addressing this clinical problem
   affecting patients with chronic inflammatory disorders. Since the
   cellular level of the glucocorticoid receptor (GR) is a critical
   determinant of glucocorticoid sensitivity and resistance, we
   investigated the molecular mechanisms mediating repression of
   glucocorticoid receptor gene expression. We show here that
   glucocorticoid-induced repression of GR gene expression is mediated by
   inhibition of transcription initiation. This process is orchestrated by
   the recruitment of agonist-bound GR to exon 6, followed by the assembly
   of a GR-NCoR1-histone deacetylase 3-containing repression complex at the
   transcriptional start site of the GR gene. A functional negative
   glucocorticoid response element (nGRE) in exon 6 of the GR gene and a
   long-range interaction occurring between this intragenic response
   element and the transcription start site appear to be instrumental in
   this repression. This autoregulatory mechanism of repression implies
   that the GR concentration can coordinate repression with excess ligand,
   regardless of the combinatorial associations of tissue-specific
   transcription factors. Consequently, the chronic nature of inflammatory
   conditions involving long-term glucocorticoid administration may lead to
   constitutive repression of GR gene transcription and thus to
   glucocorticoid resistance.
SN 0270-7306
PD MAY
PY 2013
VL 33
IS 9
BP 1711
EP 1722
UT CCC:000317273300003
ER

PT J
AU Sia, SK
   Chiou, HL
   Chen, SC
   Tsai, CF
   Yang, SF
   Ueng, KC
AF Sia, Sung-Kien
   Chiou, Hui-Ling
   Chen, Shiuan-Chih
   Tsai, Chin-Feng
   Yang, Shun-Fa
   Ueng, Kwo-Chang
TI Distribution and phenotypic expression of mineralocorticoid receptor and
   CYP11B2 T-344C polymorphisms in a Taiwanese hypertensive population
SO MOLECULAR BIOLOGY REPORTS
AB Numerous genetic loci are involved in the pathogenesis of hypertension,
   including genes related to aldosterone synthesis and mineralocorticoid
   receptor. The aim of this study was to evaluate the genotypic
   distribution of mineralocorticoid receptor and cytochrome P450 11B2
   (CYP11B2) T-344C polymorphisms and their relationship with hypertension
   and cardiac remodeling in a Taiwanese population. Genomic DNA extracted
   from peripheral blood samples was subjected to polymerase chain
   reaction-restriction fragment length polymorphism (PCR-RFLP) analysis
   for the mineralocorticoid receptor loci, G3514C and A4582C, and CYP11B2
   T-344C. The genetic distribution and the association with
   echocardiographic measurements were analyzed. A total of 192
   normotensive and 514 hypertensive Taiwanese patients were recruited.
   Statistical analysis revealed no significant differences in the genetic
   distribution of mineralocorticoid receptor and CYP11B2 polymorphisms
   between normotensive and hypertensive patients, nor were there
   differences in the echocardiographic measurements. Female patients with
   the T/T genotype of CYP11B2 were more likely to have hypertension (p =
   0.045), compared with the T/C or C/C genotypes. In addition, female
   hypertensive patients carrying C-allele had significantly greater left
   ventricular mass (p = 0.0215) and left atrial dimension (p = 0.0081).
   Such differences were not observed in the male patients. Our data
   suggest that CYP11B2 T-344C polymorphism affects left ventricular
   structures only in the female hypertensive population. This
   gender-difference needs to be further elucidated.
SN 0301-4851
PD MAY
PY 2013
VL 40
IS 5
BP 3705
EP 3711
UT CCC:000317075300027
ER

PT J
AU Somyajit, K
   Basavaraju, S
   Scully, R
   Nagaraju, G
AF Somyajit, Kumar
   Basavaraju, Shivakumar
   Scully, Ralph
   Nagaraju, Ganesh
TI ATM- and ATR-Mediated Phosphorylation of XRCC3 Regulates DNA
   Double-Strand Break-Induced Checkpoint Activation and Repair
SO MOLECULAR AND CELLULAR BIOLOGY
AB The RAD51 paralogs XRCC3 and RAD51C have been implicated in homologous
   recombination (HR) and DNA damage responses. However, the molecular
   mechanism(s) by which these paralogs regulate HR and DNA damage
   signaling remains obscure. Here, we show that an SQ motif serine 225 in
   XRCC3 is phosphorylated by ATR kinase in an ATM signaling pathway. We
   find that RAD51C but not XRCC2 is essential for XRCC3 phosphorylation,
   and this modification follows end resection and is specific to S and
   G(2) phases. XRCC3 phosphorylation is required for chromatin loading of
   RAD51 and HR-mediated repair of double-strand breaks (DSBs). Notably, in
   response to DSBs, XRCC3 participates in the intra-S-phase checkpoint
   following its phosphorylation and in the G(2)/M checkpoint independently
   of its phosphorylation. Strikingly, we find that XRCC3 distinctly
   regulates recovery of stalled and collapsed replication forks such that
   phosphorylation is required for the HR-mediated recovery of collapsed
   replication forks but is dispensable for the restart of stalled
   replication forks. Together, these findings suggest that XRCC3 is a new
   player in the ATM/ATR-induced DNA damage responses to control checkpoint
   and HR-mediated repair.
SN 0270-7306
PD MAY
PY 2013
VL 33
IS 9
BP 1830
EP 1844
UT CCC:000317273300013
ER

PT J
AU Spagnul, C
   Alberto, R
   Gasser, G
   Ferrari, S
   Pierroz, V
   Bergamo, A
   Gianferrara, T
   Alessio, E
AF Spagnul, Cinzia
   Alberto, Roger
   Gasser, Gilles
   Ferrari, Stefano
   Pierroz, Vanessa
   Bergamo, Alberta
   Gianferrara, Teresa
   Alessio, Enzo
TI Novel water-soluble Tc-99m(I)/Re(I)-porphyrin conjugates as potential
   multimodal agents for molecular imaging
SO JOURNAL OF INORGANIC BIOCHEMISTRY
AB The synthesis and characterization of two novel water soluble porphyrins
   with three meso pyridyl rings and one peripheral chelator - either a
   diethylenetriamine unit (4) or a bipyridyl fragment (8) - for binding to
   the {Tc-99m(CO)(3)}(+) moiety is reported. In 8, despite the presence of
   a flexible and hydrophilic PEG-like linker that connects the bpy unit to
   the macrocycle, good water solubility was only obtained by methylation
   of the pyridyl N atoms that provided three extra positive charges.
   Furthermore, the water-soluble conjugates of 4 and 8 with either one
   fac-{Re(CO)(3)}(+) (9 and 10, respectively) or one
   fac-{Tc-99m(CO)(3)}(+) fragment (9a and 10a, respectively) are
   described. 0 2013 Published by Elsevier Inc.
SN 0162-0134
PD MAY
PY 2013
VL 122
BP 57
EP 65
UT CCC:000316832900007
ER

PT J
AU Sunggip, C
   Kitajima, N
   Nishida, M
AF Sunggip, Caroline
   Kitajima, Naoyuki
   Nishida, Motohiro
TI Redox Control of Cardiovascular Homeostasis by Angiotensin II
SO CURRENT PHARMACEUTICAL DESIGN
AB Covalent modification of sulfur-containing amino acids in proteins by
   reactive oxygen species (ROS) has been attracting attention as a major
   post-translational modification regulating intracellular signal
   transduction pathways. Angiotensin II (Ang II), a major physiologically
   active substrate in renin-angiotensin (RAS) system, plays a central role
   in the pathophysiology of cardiovascular systems. Many evidences show
   that Ang II activates several signaling pathways via an oxidative
   modification of proteins by Ang II-induced ROS. Ang II induced ROS
   production is predominantly regulated by three enzymes: NADPH oxidase,
   mitochondrial respiratory complex, and nitric oxide synthase (NOS), and
   each enzyme-generating ROS are found to activate appropriate signaling
   pathways via selective oxidation of specific proteins. These reactions
   are negatively regulated by ROS-scavenging enzymes or disulfide bridge
   reducing enzymes, and functional disorders of these enzymes are found to
   cause cardiovascular dysfunctions. Thus, the spatial and temporal
   regulation of oxidative modification of signaling proteins by ROS is
   essential to maintain cardiovascular homeostasis by Ang II. This review
   brings in the new aspect in understanding ROS-mediated regulation of
   cardiovascular homeostasis by Ang II, and provides the possible
   mechanisms underlying metamorphosis of cardiovascular homeostasis by
   ROS.
SN 1381-6128
PD MAY
PY 2013
VL 19
IS 17
BP 3022
EP 3032
UT CCC:000317077100008
ER

PT J
AU Suzanne, M
   Steller, H
AF Suzanne, M.
   Steller, H.
TI Shaping organisms with apoptosis
SO CELL DEATH AND DIFFERENTIATION
AB Programmed cell death is an important process during development that
   serves to remove superfluous cells and tissues, such as larval organs
   during metamorphosis, supernumerary cells during nervous system
   development, muscle patterning and cardiac morphogenesis. Different
   kinds of cell death have been observed and were originally classified
   based on distinct morphological features: (1) type I programmed cell
   death (PCD) or apoptosis is recognized by cell rounding, DNA
   fragmentation, externalization of phosphatidyl serine, caspase
   activation and the absence of inflammatory reaction, (2) type II PCD or
   autophagy is characterized by the presence of large vacuoles and the
   fact that cells can recover until very late in the process and (3)
   necrosis is associated with an uncontrolled release of the intracellular
   content after cell swelling and rupture of the membrane, which commonly
   induces an inflammatory response. In this review, we will focus
   exclusively on developmental cell death by apoptosis and its role in
   tissue remodeling. Cell Death and Differentiation (2013) 20, 669-675;
   doi:10.1038/cdd.2013.11; published online 1 March 2013
SN 1350-9047
PD MAY
PY 2013
VL 20
IS 5
BP 669
EP 675
UT CCC:000317264800001
ER

PT J
AU Tamburella, A
   Leggio, GM
   Micale, V
   Navarria, A
   Bucolo, C
   Cicirata, V
   Drago, F
   Salomone, S
AF Tamburella, Alessandra
   Leggio, Gian Marco
   Micale, Vincenzo
   Navarria, Andrea
   Bucolo, Claudio
   Cicirata, Valentina
   Drago, Filippo
   Salomone, Salvatore
TI Behavioural and neurochemical changes induced by stress-related
   conditions are counteracted by the neurokinin-2 receptor antagonist
   saredutant
SO INTERNATIONAL JOURNAL OF NEUROPSYCHOPHARMACOLOGY
AB These experiments were undertaken to assess the mechanisms underlying
   the antidepressant-like effects of the neurokinin-2 (NK2) receptor
   antagonist saredutant (SR48968) in rats tested in the forced swim test
   (FST), by analysing hippocampal brain-derived neurotrophic factor (BDNF)
   and plasma corticosterone [as index of hypothalamic-pituitary-adrenal
   (HPA) axis activity]. Male Wistar rats received three intraperitoneal
   injections over 24 h of vehicle, saredutant (5 mg/kg), citalopram (15
   mg/kg), clomipramine (50 mg/kg). Rats were subjected to restraint stress
   (4 h) 24 h prior to the FST procedure. This stress procedure increased
   immobility and decreased swimming behaviour in the FST; furthermore, it
   lowered hippocampal BDNF protein expression and increased plasma
   corticosterone levels. Saredutant and clomipramine or citalopram, used
   here as positive controls, reduced the immobility time in the FST both
   under basal conditions and after stress exposure. This effect was not
   attributable to changes in locomotion, because locomotor activity was
   unchanged when assessed in the open field test. Pretreatment with
   para-cholorophenylalanine (150 mg/kg, 72 h and 48 h prior to FST)
   abolished the effect of citalopram and saredutant on immobility time. At
   neurochemical level, saredutant attenuated activation of HPA axis in
   stressed animals more than clomipramine or citalopram. The behavioural
   effects of saredutant support the hypothesis that NK2 receptor activity
   is involved in stress-related disorders. These effects of saredutant may
   be related to normalization of the HPA axis. Moreover, saredutant
   increases BDNF expression in the hippocampus, confirming the role of NK2
   receptor blockade in BDNF activation following stressor application.
SN 1461-1457
PD MAY
PY 2013
VL 16
IS 4
BP 813
EP 823
UT CCC:000316991800011
ER

PT J
AU Tanaka, S
   Nakakura, T
   Jansen, EJR
   Unno, K
   Okada, R
   Suzuki, M
   Martens, GJM
   Kikuyama, S
AF Tanaka, Shigeyasu
   Nakakura, Takashi
   Jansen, Eric J. R.
   Unno, Keisuke
   Okada, Reiko
   Suzuki, Masakazu
   Martens, Gerard J. M.
   Kikuyama, Sakae
TI Angiogenesis in the intermediate lobe of the pituitary gland alters its
   structure and function
SO GENERAL AND COMPARATIVE ENDOCRINOLOGY
AB The pars distalis (PD) and the pars intermedia (PI) have the same
   embryonic origin, but their morphological and functional characteristics
   diverge during development. The PD is highly vascularized, whereas the
   highly innervated PI is essentially non-vascularized. Based on our
   previous finding that vascular endothelial growth factor-A (VEGF-A) is
   involved in vascularization of the rat PD, attempt was made to generate
   transgenic Xenopus expressing VEGF-A specifically in the melanotrope
   cells of the PI as a model system for studying the significance of
   vascularization or avascularization for the functional differentiation
   of the pituitary. The PI of the transgenic frogs, examined after
   metamorphosis, were distinctly vascularized but poorly innervated. The
   experimentally induced vascularization in the PI resulted in a marked
   increase in tissue volume and a decrease in the expression of both
   alpha-melanophore-stimulating hormone (alpha-MSH) and prohormone
   convertase 2, a cleavage enzyme essential for generating alpha-MSH. The
   transgenic animals had low plasma alpha-MSH concentrations and displayed
   incomplete adaptation to a black background. To our knowledge, this is
   the first report indicating that experimentally induced angiogenesis in
   the PI may bring about functional as well as structural alterations in
   this tissue. (C) 2013 Elsevier Inc. All rights reserved.
SN 0016-6480
PD MAY
PY 2013
VL 185
BP 10
EP 18
UT CCC:000317154000002
ER

PT J
AU Tiwari, AK
   Zai, CC
   Sajeev, G
   Arenovich, T
   Muller, DJ
   Kennedy, JL
AF Tiwari, Arun K.
   Zai, Clement C.
   Sajeev, Gautam
   Arenovich, Tamara
   Mueller, Daniel J.
   Kennedy, James L.
TI Analysis of 34 candidate genes in bupropion and placebo remission
SO INTERNATIONAL JOURNAL OF NEUROPSYCHOPHARMACOLOGY
AB There is considerable variability in the rate of response and remission
   following treatment with antidepressant drugs or placebo in depression
   patients. No pharmacogenetic studies of bupropion response have been
   done. We investigated 532 tagging single nucleotide polymorphisms (SNPs)
   in 34 candidate genes for association with remission and response to
   either bupropion (n=319) or placebo (n=257) in patients with major
   depressive disorder. Analyses were performed using conditional logistic
   regression. Significant association (gene-wide correction) was observed
   for remission following treatment with bupropion for a SNP within the
   serotonin receptor 2A gene (HTR2A rs2770296, p(corrected)=0.02).
   Response to bupropion treatment was significantly associated with a SNP
   in the dopamine transporter gene (rs6347, p(corrected)=0.013). Among the
   patients who received placebo, marginal association for remission was
   observed between a SNP in HTR2A (rs2296972, p(corrected)=0.055) as well
   as in the serotonin transporter gene (5-HTT or SLC6A4 rs4251417,
   p(corrected)=0.050). Placebo response was associated with SNPs in the
   glucocorticoid receptor gene (NR3C1; rs1048261, p(corrected)=0.040) and
   monoamine oxidase A gene (MAOA; rs6609257, p(corrected)=0.046). Although
   the above observations were significant after gene-wide corrections,
   none of these would be significant after a more conservative study-wide
   correction for multiple tests. These results suggest a possible role for
   HTR2A in remission to bupropion treatment. In accordance with bupropion
   pharmacology, dopamine transporter may play a role in response. The MAOA
   gene may be involved in placebo response.
SN 1461-1457
PD MAY
PY 2013
VL 16
IS 4
BP 771
EP 781
UT CCC:000316991800007
ER

PT J
AU Tu, ZG
   Zhuang, XY
   Yao, YG
   Zhanga, RG
AF Tu, Zhigang
   Zhuang, Xinying
   Yao, Yong-Gang
   Zhanga, Rugang
TI BRG1 Is Required for Formation of Senescence-Associated Heterochromatin
   Foci Induced by Oncogenic RAS or BRCA1 Loss
SO MOLECULAR AND CELLULAR BIOLOGY
AB Cellular senescence is an important tumor suppression mechanism. We have
   previously reported that both oncogene-induced dissociation of BRCA1
   from chromatin and BRCA1 knockdown itself drive senescence by promoting
   formation of senescence-associated heterochromatin foci (SAHF). However,
   the molecular mechanism by which BRCA1 regulates SAHF formation and
   senescence is unclear. BRG1 is a chromatin-remodeling factor that
   interacts with BRCA1 and pRB. Here we show that BRG1 is required for
   SAHF formation and senescence induced by oncogenic RAS or BRCA1 loss.
   The interaction between BRG1 and BRCA1 is disrupted during senescence.
   This correlates with an increased level of chromatin-associated BRG1 in
   senescent cells. BRG1 knockdown suppresses the formation of SAHF and
   senescence, while it has no effect on BRCA1 chromatin dissociation
   induced by oncogenic RAS, indicating that BRG1 functions downstream of
   BRCA1 chromatin dissociation. Furthermore, BRG1 knockdown inhibits SAHF
   formation and senescence induced by BRCA1 knockdown. Conversely, BRG1
   overexpression drives SAHF formation and senescence in a DNA
   damage-independent manner. This effect depends upon BRG1's
   chromatin-remodeling activity as well as the interaction between BRG1
   and pRB. Indeed, the interaction between BRG1 and pRB is enhanced during
   senescence. Chromatin immunoprecipitation analysis revealed that BRG1's
   association with the human CDKN2A and CDKN1A gene promoters was enhanced
   during senescence induced by oncogenic RAS or BRCA1 knockdown.
   Consistently, knockdown of pRB, p21(CIP1), and p16(INK4a), but not p53,
   suppressed SAHF formation induced by BRG1. Together, these studies
   reveal the molecular underpinning by which BRG1 acts downstream of BRCA1
   to promote SAHF formation and senescence.
SN 0270-7306
PD MAY
PY 2013
VL 33
IS 9
BP 1819
EP 1829
UT CCC:000317273300012
ER

PT J
AU Uraipong, C
   Wong, V
   Lee, NA
AF Uraipong, Chatchaporn
   Wong, Victor
   Lee, Nanju Alice
TI A Testosterone Specific Competitive Enzyme Immunoassay for Monitoring
   Water Quality
SO BULLETIN OF ENVIRONMENTAL CONTAMINATION AND TOXICOLOGY
AB Testosterone, an androgen and a primary male sex hormone, migrates
   through the environment in ways which could pose a threat to water
   quality and, subsequently, environmental and human health. This paper
   describes the development of a direct competitive enzyme-linked
   immunosorbent assay (ELISA) that is capable of measuring testosterone
   with high specificity. The testosterone ELISA displayed the IC20 (as the
   limit of detection) and IC50 values of 0.05 +/- A 0.01 mu g L-1 and 0.33
   +/- A 0.18 mu g L-1, respectively. In addition, the assay showed < 0.1 %
   cross-reactivity against structurally related steroidal compounds.
   However, this assay was found to be sensitive to environmental matrices
   such as certain metal ions, pH, and high humic acids, and sample
   clean-up to remove such interference was necessary before analysis. The
   analyses of 50 surface water samples collected in rural and urban areas
   in New South Wales, Australia showed that ELISA results correlated well
   with the androgenic activity measured by the recombinant yeast-based
   androgen screen assay.
SN 0007-4861
PD MAY
PY 2013
VL 90
IS 5
BP 585
EP 590
UT CCC:000317074500012
ER

PT J
AU Wang, MX
   Lu, Y
   Cai, ZZ
   Liang, S
   Niu, YS
   Miao, YG
AF Wang, Mei-xian
   Lu, Yan
   Cai, Zi-zheng
   Liang, Shuang
   Niu, Yan-shan
   Miao, Yun-gen
TI Phenol oxidase is a necessary enzyme for the silkworm molting which is
   regulated by molting hormone
SO MOLECULAR BIOLOGY REPORTS
AB Insect molting is an important developmental process of metamorphosis,
   which is initiated by molting hormone. The molting process includes the
   activation of dermal cells, epidermal cells separation, molting fluid
   secretion, the formation of new epidermis and old epidermis excoriation
   etc. Polyphenol oxidases (PPOs), dopa decarboxylase and
   acetyltransferase are necessary enzymes for this process. Traditionally,
   the phenol oxidase was considered as an enzyme for epidermal layer's
   tanning and melanization. This work suggested that polyphenol oxidases
   are one set of the key enzymes in molting, which closely related with
   the role of ecdysone in regulation of molting processes. The data showed
   that the expression peak of phenol oxidase in silkworm is higher during
   molting stage, and decreases after molting. The significant increase in
   the ecdysone levels of haemolymph was observed in the artificially fed
   silkworm larvae with ecdysone hormone. Consistently, the phenol oxidase
   expression was significantly elevated compared to the control. PPO1 RNAi
   induced phenol oxidase expression obviously declined in the silkworm
   larvae, and caused the pupae incomplete pupation. Overall, the results
   described that the phenol oxidase expression is regulated by the molting
   hormone, and is a necessary enzyme for the silkworm molting.
SN 0301-4851
PD MAY
PY 2013
VL 40
IS 5
BP 3549
EP 3555
UT CCC:000317075300010
ER

PT J
AU Xu, Y
   Pan, JC
   Chen, L
   Zhang, C
   Sun, J
   Li, JX
   Nguyen, L
   Nair, N
   Zhang, HT
   O'Donnell, JM
AF Xu, Ying
   Pan, Jianchun
   Chen, Ling
   Zhang, Chong
   Sun, Jiao
   Li, Jianxin
   Nguyen, Linda
   Nair, Neetu
   Zhang, Hanting
   O'Donnell, James M.
TI Phosphodiesterase-2 inhibitor reverses corticosterone-induced
   neurotoxicity and related behavioural changes via cGMP/PKG dependent
   pathway
SO INTERNATIONAL JOURNAL OF NEUROPSYCHOPHARMACOLOGY
AB Phosphodiesterase 2 (PDE2) is an enzyme responsible for hydrolysis of
   cyclic adenosine monophosphate (cAMP) and cyclic guanosine monophosphate
   (cGMP) to restrict intracellular signalling of these second messenger
   molecules. This study investigated how PDE2 inhibitor Bay 60-7550
   affects the dysregulated glucocorticoid signalling in neuronal cells and
   regulates depressive behaviours after chronic stress in mice. We found
   that exposure of hippocampal neurons to corticosterone resulted in
   time-and concentration-dependent increases in PDE2 expression. These
   intriguing findings were confirmed in the hippocampal cell line HT-22.
   After corticosterone exposure for 24 h, HT-22 cells showed a
   concentration-dependent increase in mRNA levels for PDE2 subtypes,
   PDE2A1 and 2A3, as well as for the total PDE2A protein expression. Bay
   60-7550 was found to reverse the cell lesion induced by corticosterone
   (50 mu M). This neuroprotective effect was blocked by pretreatment with
   protein kinase G inhibitor KT5823, but not protein kinase A inhibitor
   H89, suggesting the involvement of cGMP-dependent signalling. Although
   Bay 60-7550 treatment for 24 h did not change the levels of
   phosphorylated mitogen-activated protein kinases ERK1/2 (pERK) and
   phosphorylated cAMP response element-binding protein (pCREB), it
   down-regulated pERK at 2 h and up-regulated a CREB co-activator,
   CREB-binding protein, at 24 h. Both of these effects were blocked by KT
   5823. Furthermore, Bay 60-7550 reversed corticosterone-induced
   down-regulation of brain-derived neurotrophic factor protein levels 24 h
   after corticosterone exposure. In behavioural testing, Bay 60-7550
   produced antidepressant-like effects and reduced corticosterone levels
   in stressed mice, further supporting the involvement of a PDE2-dependent
   pathway in mediating Bay 60-7550's effect during stress hormone insults.
SN 1461-1457
PD MAY
PY 2013
VL 16
IS 4
BP 835
EP 847
UT CCC:000316991800013
ER

PT J
AU Yu, DH
   Ware, C
   Waterland, RA
   Zhang, JX
   Chen, MH
   Gadkari, M
   Kunde-Ramamoorthy, G
   Nosavanh, LM
   Shen, LL
AF Yu, Da-Hai
   Ware, Carol
   Waterland, Robert A.
   Zhang, Jiexin
   Chen, Miao-Hsueh
   Gadkari, Manasi
   Kunde-Ramamoorthy, Govindarajan
   Nosavanh, Lagina M.
   Shen, Lanlan
TI Developmentally Programmed 3 ' CpG Island Methylation Confers Tissue-
   and Cell-Type-Specific Transcriptional Activation
SO MOLECULAR AND CELLULAR BIOLOGY
AB During development, a small but significant number of CpG islands (CGIs)
   become methylated. The timing of developmentally programmed CGI
   methylation and associated mechanisms of transcriptional regulation
   during cellular differentiation, however, remain poorly characterized.
   Here, we used genome-wide DNA methylation microarrays to identify
   epigenetic changes during human embryonic stem cell (hESC)
   differentiation. We discovered a group of CGIs associated with
   developmental genes that gain methylation after hESCs differentiate.
   Conversely, erasure of methylation was observed at the identified CGIs
   during subsequent reprogramming to induced pluripotent stem cells
   (iPSCs), further supporting a functional role for the CGI methylation.
   Both global gene expression profiling and quantitative reverse
   transcription-PCR (RT-PCR) validation indicated opposing effects of CGI
   methylation in transcriptional regulation during differentiation, with
   promoter CGI methylation repressing and 3' CGI methylation activating
   transcription. By studying diverse human tissues and mouse models, we
   further confirmed that developmentally programmed 3' CGI methylation
   confers tissue- and cell-type-specific gene activation in vivo.
   Importantly, luciferase reporter assays provided evidence that 3' CGI
   methylation regulates transcriptional activation via a CTCF-dependent
   enhancer-blocking mechanism. These findings expand the classic view of
   mammalian CGI methylation as a mechanism for transcriptional silencing
   and indicate a functional role for 3' CGI methylation in developmental
   gene regulation.
SN 0270-7306
PD MAY
PY 2013
VL 33
IS 9
BP 1845
EP 1858
UT CCC:000317273300014
ER

PT J
AU Zhang, CY
   Su, ZY
   Khor, TO
   Shu, LM
   Kong, ANT
AF Zhang, Chengyue
   Su, Zheng-Yuan
   Khor, Tin Oo
   Shu, Limin
   Kong, Ah-Ng Tony
TI Sulforaphane enhances Nrf2 expression in prostate cancer TRAMP C1 cells
   through epigenetic regulation
SO BIOCHEMICAL PHARMACOLOGY
AB Growing evidence suggests epigenetic alteration is involved during the
   development and progression of prostate cancer. Previously, we found
   Nrf2, a key regulator of cellular antioxidant defense systems, was
   silenced through epigenetic mechanism during tumorigenesis in vivo TRAMP
   mice and in vitro TRAMP Cl cells. Sulforaphane (SFN) in cruciferous
   vegetable has been demonstrated to be a potent cancer prevention agent
   for years. The aim of this study is to investigate the potential of SFN
   to restore Nrf2 expression in TRAMP Cl cells through epigenetic
   modifications. Bisulfite genomic sequencing results indicated that SFN
   treatment led to demethylation of the first 5 CpGs in the promoter
   region of the Nrf2 gene in TRAMP Cl cells. Using methylation DNA
   immunoprecipitation (MeDIP) assay, SFN significantly reduced the ratio
   of anti-mecyt antibody binding to the Nrf2 promoter containing the first
   5 CpGs. SFN increased mRNA and protein expressions of Nrf2 and Nrf2
   downstream target gene NQO-1. In addition, SFN decreased the protein
   levels of DNMT1 and DNMT3a. SFN treatment also attenuated the protein
   expression levels of HDACs 1, 4, 5, and 7 while increased the level of
   active chromatin marker acetyl-Histone 3 (Ac-H3). SFN treatments also
   increased chromatin-immunoprecipitated DNA of Nrf2 gene promoter using
   anti-Ac-H3 antibody. Taken together, our current study shows that SFN
   regulates Nrf2's CpGs demethylation and reactivation in TRAMP Cl cells,
   suggesting SFN may exert its chemopreventive effect in part via
   epigenetic modifications of Nrf2 gene with subsequent induction of its
   downstream anti-oxidative stress pathway. Published by Elsevier Inc.
SN 0006-2952
PD MAY
PY 2013
VL 85
IS 9
BP 1398
EP 1404
UT CCC:000317320900020
ER

PT J
AU Sen, IK
   Maji, PK
   Behera, B
   Mallick, P
   Maiti, TK
   Sikdar, SR
   Islam, SS
AF Sen, Ipsita K.
   Maji, Praloy K.
   Behera, Birendra
   Mallick, Pijush
   Maiti, Tapas K.
   Sikdar, Samir R.
   Islam, Syed S.
TI Structural characterization of an immunoenhancing heteroglycan of a
   hybrid mushroom (pfls1h) of Pleurotus florida and Lentinus squarrosulus
   (Mont.) Singer
SO CARBOHYDRATE RESEARCH
AB An immunostimulating water-soluble heteroglycan (PS-II) was isolated
   from an aqueous extract of the fruit bodies of a hybrid mushroom, pfls1h
   produced by intergeneric protoplast fusion between Pleurotus florida and
   Lentinus squarrosulus (Mont.) Singer. Structural characterization of
   PS-II was carried out using sugar analysis, methylation experiment,
   periodate oxidation and 1D/2D NMR studies. Sugar analysis indicated the
   presence of glucose, mannose and galactose in a molar ratio of 1:1:2.
   Methylation analysis revealed that PS-II was composed of (1 -> 6)- and
   (1 -> 2,4,6)-alpha-D-galactopyranosyl, terminal beta-D-mannopyranosyl
   and terminal beta-D-glucopyranosyl residues in a relative proportion of
   approximately 1:1:1:1. On the basis of chemical analysis and NMR
   studies, the structure of the repeating unit of the heteroglycan was
   established to consist of a backbone chain of two (1 ->
   6)-alpha-D-galactopyranosyl residues, one of which is branched at O-2
   with terminal beta-D-Manp and at O-4 with terminal beta-D-Glcp. This
   heteroglycan (PS-II) showed in vitro splenocyte, thymocyte and
   macrophage activations. (C) 2013 Elsevier Ltd. All rights reserved.
SN 0008-6215
PD APR
PY 2013
VL 371
BP 45
EP 51
UT CCC:000317285600007
ER

PT J
AU Sigida, EN
   Fedonenko, YP
   Zdorovenko, EL
   Konnova, SA
   Shashkov, AS
   Ignatov, VV
   Knirel, YA
AF Sigida, Elena N.
   Fedonenko, Yuliya P.
   Zdorovenko, Evelina L.
   Konnova, Svetlana A.
   Shashkov, Alexander S.
   Ignatov, Vladimir V.
   Knirel, Yuriy A.
TI Structure of repeating units of a polysaccharide(s) from the
   lipopolysaccharide of Azospirillum brasilense SR80
SO CARBOHYDRATE RESEARCH
AB A high-molecular mass polysaccharide fraction was obtained by mild acid
   hydrolysis of the lipopolysaccharide of diazotrophic rhizobacterium
   Azospirillum brasilense SR80 followed by GPC on Sephadex G-50 Superfine.
   Studies by composition and methylation analyses, Smith degradation, and
   1D and 2D H-1 and C-13 NMR spectroscopy demonstrated the presence of two
   structurally distinct repeating units having the following structures:
   alpha-L-fucp
   1
   down arrow
   2
   -> 3)-alpha-D-Galp-(1 -> 3)-beta-D-Galp-(1 -> 3)-beta-D-GalNAcp-(1 ->
   alpha-D-Rhap
   1
   down arrow
   3
   -> 4)alpha-L-Fucp-(1 -> 4)-beta-D-Xylp-(1 ->
   It seems likely, although not proved, that these are repeats of two
   distinct polysaccharides rather than they build blocks within the same
   polysaccharide chain. The former structure is new, whereas the latter is
   closely related to the O-polysaccharide structure of A. brasilense Jm6B2
   established earlier, which differs in partial (similar to 60%)
   3-O-methylation of D-rhamnose only [Boiko, A. S.; Dmitrenok, A. S.;
   Fedonenko, Yu. P.; Zdorovenko, E. L.; Konnova, S. A.; Knirel, Y. A.;
   Ignatov, V. V. Carbohydr. Res. 2012, 355, 92-95]. (C) 2013 Elsevier Ltd.
   All rights reserved.
SN 0008-6215
PD APR
PY 2013
VL 371
BP 40
EP 44
UT CCC:000317285600006
ER

PT J
AU Boonen, E
   Vervenne, H
   Meersseman, P
   Andrew, R
   Mortier, L
   Declercq, PE
   Vanwijngaerden, YM
   Spriet, I
   Wouters, PJ
   Vander Perre, S
   Langouche, L
   Vanhorebeek, I
   Walker, BR
   Van den Berghe, G
AF Boonen, Eva
   Vervenne, Hilke
   Meersseman, Philippe
   Andrew, Ruth
   Mortier, Leen
   Declercq, Peter E.
   Vanwijngaerden, Yoo-Mee
   Spriet, Isabel
   Wouters, Pieter J.
   Vander Perre, Sarah
   Langouche, Lies
   Vanhorebeek, Ilse
   Walker, Brian R.
   Van den Berghe, Greet
TI Reduced Cortisol Metabolism during Critical Illness
SO NEW ENGLAND JOURNAL OF MEDICINE
AB BACKGROUND
   Critical illness is often accompanied by hypercortisolemia, which has
   been attributed to stress-induced activation of the
   hypothalamic-pituitary-adrenal axis. However, low corticotropin levels
   have also been reported in critically ill patients, which may be due to
   reduced cortisol metabolism.
   METHODS
   In a total of 158 patients in the intensive care unit and 64 matched
   controls, we tested five aspects of cortisol metabolism: daily levels of
   corticotropin and cortisol; plasma cortisol clearance, metabolism, and
   production during infusion of deuterium-labeled steroid hormones as
   tracers; plasma clearance of 100 mg of hydrocortisone; levels of urinary
   cortisol metabolites; and levels of messenger RNA and protein in liver
   and adipose tissue, to assess major cortisol-metabolizing enzymes.
   RESULTS
   Total and free circulating cortisol levels were consistently higher in
   the patients than in controls, whereas corticotropin levels were lower
   (P<0.001 for both comparisons). Cortisol production was 83% higher in
   the patients (P=0.02). There was a reduction of more than 50% in
   cortisol clearance during tracer infusion and after the administration
   of 100 mg of hydrocortisone in the patients (P <= 0.03 for both
   comparisons). All these factors accounted for an increase by a factor of
   3.5 in plasma cortisol levels in the patients, as compared with controls
   (P<0.001). Impaired cortisol clearance also correlated with a lower
   cortisol response to corticotropin stimulation. Reduced cortisol
   metabolism was associated with reduced inactivation of cortisol in the
   liver and kidney, as suggested by urinary steroid ratios, tracer
   kinetics, and assessment of liver-biopsy samples (P <= 0.004 for all
   comparisons).
   CONCLUSIONS
   During critical illness, reduced cortisol breakdown, related to
   suppressed expression and activity of cortisol-metabolizing enzymes,
   contributed to hypercortisolemia and hence corticotropin suppression.
   The diagnostic and therapeutic implications for critically ill patients
   are unknown. (Funded by the Belgian Fund for Scientific Research and
   others; ClinicalTrials.gov numbers, NCT00512122 and NCT00115479; and
   Current Controlled Trials numbers, ISRCTN49433936, ISRCTN49306926, and
   ISRCTN08083905.)
SN 0028-4793
PD APR
PY 2013
VL 368
IS 16
BP 1477
EP 1488
UT CCC:000317603300005
ER

PT J
AU Canzio, D
   Liao, MF
   Naber, N
   Pate, E
   Larson, A
   Wu, SP
   Marina, DB
   Garcia, JF
   Madhani, HD
   Cooke, R
   Schuck, P
   Cheng, YF
   Narlikar, GJ
AF Canzio, Daniele
   Liao, Maofu
   Naber, Nariman
   Pate, Edward
   Larson, Adam
   Wu, Shenping
   Marina, Diana B.
   Garcia, Jennifer F.
   Madhani, Hiten D.
   Cooke, Roger
   Schuck, Peter
   Cheng, Yifan
   Narlikar, Geeta J.
TI A conformational switch in HP1 releases auto-inhibition to drive
   heterochromatin assembly
SO NATURE
AB A hallmark of histone H3 lysine 9 (H3K9)-methylated heterochromatin,
   conserved from the fission yeast Schizosaccharomyces pombe to humans, is
   its ability to spread to adjacent genomic regions(1-6). Central to
   heterochromatin spread is heterochromatin protein 1 (HP1), which
   recognizes H3K9-methylated chromatin, oligomerizes and forms a versatile
   platform that participates in diverse nuclear functions, ranging from
   gene silencing to chromosome segregation(1-6). How HP1 proteins assemble
   on methylated nucleosomal templates and how the HP1-nucleosome complex
   achieves functional versatility remain poorly understood. Here we show
   that binding of the key S. pombe HP1 protein, Swi6, to methylated
   nucleosomes drives a switch from an auto-inhibited state to a
   spreading-competent state. In the auto-inhibited state, a histonemimic
   sequence in one Swi6 monomer blocks methyl-mark recognition by the
   chromodomain of another monomer. Auto-inhibition is relieved by
   recognition of two template features, the H3K9 methyl mark and
   nucleosomal DNA. Cryo-electron-microscopy-based reconstruction of the
   Swi6-nucleosome complex provides the overall architecture of the
   spreading-competent state in which two unbound chromodomain sticky ends
   appear exposed. Disruption of the switch between the auto-inhibited and
   spreading-competent states disrupts heterochromatin assembly and gene
   silencing in vivo. These findings are reminiscent of other conditionally
   activated polymerization processes, such as actin nucleation, and open
   up a new class of regulatory mechanisms that operate on chromatin in
   vivo.
SN 0028-0836
PD APR
PY 2013
VL 496
IS 7445
BP 377
EP NIL_137
UT CCC:000317599200041
ER

PT J
AU Al Sweidi, S
   Morissette, M
   Rouillard, C
   Di Paolo, T
AF Al Sweidi, S.
   Morissette, M.
   Rouillard, C.
   Di Paolo, T.
TI ESTROGEN RECEPTORS AND LESION-INDUCED RESPONSE OF STRIATAL DOPAMINE
   RECEPTORS
SO NEUROSCIENCE
AB Neuroprotection by 17 beta-estradiol and an estrogen receptor (ER)
   agonist against 1-methy1-4-pheny1-1,2,3, 6-tetrahydropyridine (MPTP)
   lesion were shown to implicate protein kinase B (Akt) signaling in mice.
   In order to evaluate the associated mechanisms, this study compared
   estrogen receptor alpha (ER alpha) and estrogen receptor beta (ER beta)
   intact or knockout (KO) and wild-type (WT) C57BI/6 male mice following
   MPTP treatment of 7, 9, 11 mg/kg and/or 17 beta-estradiol. Striatal D1
   and D2 dopamine (DA) receptors were measured by autoradiography with the
   specific ligands [H-3]-SCH 23390 and [H-3]-raclopride, respectively and
   signaling by Western blot for Akt, glycogen synthase kinase 3 beta (GSK3
   beta) and extracellular-regulated signal kinases (ERK1 and ERK2).
   Control ERKO beta mice had lower striatal [H-3]-SCH 23390 specific
   binding than WT and ERKO alpha mice; both KO mice had lower
   [H-3]-raclopride specific binding. Striatal D1 receptors decreased with
   increasing doses of MPTP in correlation with striatal DA concentrations
   in ERKO alpha mice and remained unchanged in WT and ERKO beta mice.
   Striatal D2 receptors decreased with increasing doses of MPTP in
   correlation with striatal DA concentrations in WT and ERKO alpha mice
   and increased in ERKO beta mice. In MPTP-lesioned mice, 17
   beta-estradiol treatment increased D1 receptors in ERKO alpha and ERKO
   beta mice and D2 receptors in WT and ERKO beta mice. MPTP did not affect
   striatal pAkt/Akt and pGSK3 beta/GSK3 beta levels in WT and ERKO alpha
   mice, while in vehicle-treated ERKO beta mice these levels were higher
   and increased with MPTP lesioning. Striatal pERK1/ERK1 and pERK2/ERK2
   levels showed to a lesser extent a similar pattern. In conclusion, ERs
   affected the response of striatal DA receptors to a MPTP lesion and post
   receptor signaling. (C) 2013 IBRO. Published by Elsevier Ltd. All rights
   reserved.
SN 0306-4522
PD APR
PY 2013
VL 236
BP 99
EP 109
UT CCC:000316827700010
ER

PT J
AU Cui, X
   Pelekanos, M
   Liu, PY
   Burne, THJ
   McGrath, JJ
   Eyles, DW
AF Cui, X.
   Pelekanos, M.
   Liu, P-Y
   Burne, T. H. J.
   McGrath, J. J.
   Eyles, D. W.
TI THE VITAMIN D RECEPTOR IN DOPAMINE NEURONS; ITS PRESENCE IN HUMAN
   SUBSTANTIA NIGRA AND ITS ONTOGENESIS IN RAT MIDBRAIN
SO NEUROSCIENCE
AB There is growing evidence that vitamin D is a neuroactive steroid
   capable of regulating multiple pathways important for both brain
   development and mature brain function. In particular, there is evidence
   from rodent models that prenatal vitamin D deficiency alters the
   development of dopaminergic pathways and this disruption is associated
   with altered behavior and neurochemistry in the adult brain. Although
   the presence of the vitamin D receptor (VDR) has been noted in the human
   substantia nigra, there is a lack of direct evidence showing that VDR is
   present in dopaminergic cells. Here we confirm that the VDR is present
   in the nucleus of tyrosine hydroxylase (TH)-positive neurons in both the
   human and rat substantia nigra, and it emerges early in development in
   the rat, between embryonic day 12 (E12) and E15. Consistent evidence
   based on immunohistochemistry, real-time PCR and western blot confirmed
   a pattern of increasing VDR expression in the rat midbrain until
   weaning. The nuclear expression of VDR in TH-positive neurons during
   critical periods of brain development suggests that alterations in early
   life vitamin D status may influence the orderly development of
   dopaminergic neurons. Crown Copyright (C) 2013 Published by Elsevier
   Ltd. on behalf of IBRO. All rights reserved.
SN 0306-4522
PD APR
PY 2013
VL 236
BP 77
EP 87
UT CCC:000316827700008
ER

PT J
AU Filipovic, D
   Zlatkovic, J
   Gass, P
   Inta, D
AF Filipovic, D.
   Zlatkovic, J.
   Gass, P.
   Inta, D.
TI THE DIFFERENTIAL EFFECTS OF ACUTE VS. CHRONIC STRESS AND THEIR
   COMBINATION ON HIPPOCAMPAL PARVALBUMIN AND INDUCIBLE HEAT SHOCK PROTEIN
   70 EXPRESSION
SO NEUROSCIENCE
AB The hippocampus plays a central role in stress-related mood disorders.
   The effects of acute vs. chronic stress on the integrity of hippocampal
   circuitry in influencing the vulnerability to, or resiliency against,
   neuronal injury are poorly understood. Here we investigated whether
   acute vs. chronic psychosocial isolation stress or a combination of the
   two (chronic stress followed by acute stress) influences the expression
   of the interneuronal marker parvalbumin (PV) and the chaperone-inducible
   heat shock protein 70 (Hsp70i) in different subregions of the
   hippocampus. Low levels of the Ca2+-binding protein (PV) may increase
   the vulnerability to neuronal injury, and Hsp70i represents an indicator
   of intense excitation-induced neuronal stress. Adult male Wistar rats
   were exposed to 2 h of immobilization (IM) or cold (4 degrees C) (acute
   stressors), 21 d of social isolation (chronic stress), or a combination
   of both acute and chronic stress. Both chronic isolation and the
   combined stressors strongly decreased the PV-Immunoreactive cells in the
   CA1, CA3 and dentate gyrus (DG) region of the hippocampus, while acute
   stress did not affect PV expression. The combination of acute and
   chronic stress induced a dramatic increase in Hsp70i expression in the
   DG, but Hsp70i expression was unaffected in acute and chronic stress
   alone. We also monitored serum corticosterone (CORT) levels as a
   neuroendocrine marker of the stress response. Acute stress increased
   CORT levels, while chronic isolation stress compromised hypothalamic
   pituitary adrenocortical (HPA) axis activity such that the normal stress
   response was impaired following subsequent acute stress. These results
   indicate that in contrast to acute stress, chronic isolation compromises
   the HPA axis and generates a considerable reduction in PV expression,
   representing a decrease in the calcium-buffering capacity and a
   putatively higher vulnerability of specific hippocampal interneurons to
   excitotoxic injury. The induction of Hsp70i expression in response to
   acute and chronic isolation reveals that neurons in the DG are
   particularly vulnerable to an acute stressor following a chronic
   perturbation of HPA activity. (C) 2013 IBRO. Published by Elsevier Ltd.
   All rights reserved.
SN 0306-4522
PD APR
PY 2013
VL 236
BP 47
EP 54
UT CCC:000316827700005
ER

PT J
AU Serova, LI
   Tillinger, A
   Alaluf, LG
   Laukova, M
   Keegan, K
   Sabban, EL
AF Serova, L. I.
   Tillinger, A.
   Alaluf, L. G.
   Laukova, M.
   Keegan, K.
   Sabban, E. L.
TI SINGLE INTRANASAL NEUROPEPTIDE Y INFUSION ATTENUATES DEVELOPMENT OF
   PTSD-LIKE SYMPTOMS TO TRAUMATIC STRESS IN RATS
SO NEUROSCIENCE
AB Exposure to severe stress leads to development of neuropsychiatric
   disorders, including depression and Post-Traumatic Stress Disorder
   (PTSD) in at-risk individuals. Neuropeptide Y (NPY) is associated with
   resilience or improved recovery. Therefore exogenous administration to
   the brain has therapeutic potential although peripheral administration
   can trigger undesirable side effects. Here, we established conditions
   with intranasal (IN) NPY infusion to rats to obtain CSF concentrations
   in the proposed anxiolytic range without significant change in plasma
   NPY. Rats were pretreated with IN NPY or vehicle before exposure to
   single prolonged stress (SPS) animal model of PTSD and compared to
   untreated controls. The IN NPY appeared to lessen the perceived severity
   of stress, as these animals displayed less time immobile in forced swim
   part of the SPS. Thirty minutes after SPS the elevation of plasma
   adrenocorticotropic hormone (ACTH) and corticosterone was not as
   pronounced in NPY-infused rats and the induction of tyrosine hydroxylase
   (TH) in locus coeruleus (LC) was attenuated. Seven days after SPS, they
   displayed lower depressive-like behavior on Forced Swim Test and reduced
   anxiety-like behavior on Elevated Plus Maze. The prolonged effect of SPS
   on Acoustic Startle Response was also lower in NPY-infused rats. Plasma
   ACTH, corticosterone, and hippocampal glucocorticoid receptor levels
   were significantly above controls only in the vehicle - but not IN
   NPY-treated group 1 week after SPS. Baseline TH mRNA levels in LC did
   not differ among groups, but increased with forced swim in the vehicle -
   but not NPY-pretreated animals. Administration of IN NPY after exposure
   to SPS led to similar, but not identical, reduction in development of
   anxiety, depressive-like behavior and hyperarousal. The results show
   that single IN NPY can alter stress-triggered dysregulation of the
   hypothalamic pituitary adrenal (HPA) axis and activation of central
   noradrenergic activity. These findings provide proof of concept for
   potential of IN NPY for non-invasive prophylactic treatment or early
   intervention in response to traumatic stress. (C) 2013 IBRO. Published
   by Elsevier Ltd. All rights reserved.
SN 0306-4522
PD APR
PY 2013
VL 236
BP 298
EP 312
UT CCC:000316827700027
ER

PT J
AU Chen, Y
   Zhang, SF
   Zhou, TY
   Huang, CQ
   McLaughlin, A
   Chen, GP
AF Chen, Yue
   Zhang, Shunfen
   Zhou, Tianyan
   Huang, Chaoqun
   McLaughlin, Alicia
   Chen, Guangping
TI Liver X receptor alpha mediated genistein induction of human
   dehydroepiandrosterone sulfotransferase (hSULT2A1) in Hep G2 cells
SO TOXICOLOGY AND APPLIED PHARMACOLOGY
AB Cytosolic sulfotransferases are one of the major families of phase II
   drug metabolizing enzymes. Sulfotransferase-catalyzed sulfonation
   regulates hormone activities, metabolizes drugs, detoxifies xenobiotics,
   and bioactivates carcinogens. Human dehydroepiandrosterone
   sulfotransferase (hSULT2A1) plays important biological roles by
   sulfating endogenous hydroxysteroids and exogenous xenobiotics.
   Genistein, mainly existing in soy food products, is a naturally
   occurring phytoestrogen with both chemopreventive and chemotherapeutic
   potential. Our previous studies have shown that genistein significantly
   induces hSULT2A1 in Hep G2 and Caco-2 cells. In this study, we
   investigated the roles of liver X receptor (LXR alpha) in the genistein
   induction of hSULT2A1. LXRs have been shown to induce expression of
   mouse Sult2a9 and hSULT2A1 gene. Our results demonstrate that LXRa
   mediates the genistein induction of hSULT2A1, supported by Western blot
   analysis results, hSULT2A1 promoter driven luciferase reporter gene
   assay results, and mRNA interference results. Chromatin
   immunoprecipitation (ChIP) assay results demonstrate that genistein
   increase the recruitment of hIXR alpha binding to the hSULT2A1 promoter.
   These results suggest that hLXR alpha plays an important role in the
   hSULT2A1 gene regulation. The biological functions of phytoestrogens may
   partially relate to their induction activity toward hydroxysteroid SULT.
   (C) 2013 Elsevier Inc. All rights reserved.
SN 0041-008X
PD APR
PY 2013
VL 268
IS 2
BP 106
EP 112
UT CCC:000316978700002
ER

PT J
AU Godler, DE
   Inaba, Y
   Shi, EZ
   Skinner, C
   Bui, QM
   Francis, D
   Amor, DJ
   Hopper, JL
   Loesch, DZ
   Hagerman, RJ
   Schwartz, CE
   Slater, HR
AF Godler, David E.
   Inaba, Yoshimi
   Shi, Elva Z.
   Skinner, Cindy
   Bui, Quang M.
   Francis, David
   Amor, David J.
   Hopper, John L.
   Loesch, Danuta Z.
   Hagerman, Randi J.
   Schwartz, Charles E.
   Slater, Howard R.
TI Relationships between age and epi-genotype of the FMR1 exon 1/intron 1
   boundary are consistent with non-random X-chromosome inactivation in FM
   individuals, with the selection for the unmethylated state being most
   significant between birth and puberty
SO HUMAN MOLECULAR GENETICS
AB Methylation of the fragile X-related epigenetic element 2 (FREE2)
   located on the exon 1/intron 1 boundary of the FMR1 gene is related to
   FMRP expression and cognitive impairment in full mutation (FM; CGG200)
   individuals. We examined the relationship between age, the size of the
   FMR1 CGG expansion and the methylation output ratio (MOR) at 12 CpG
   sites proximal to the exon 1/intron 1 boundary using FREE2 MALDI-TOF MS.
   The patient cohort included 119 males and 368 females, i.e. 121 healthy
   controls (CGG40), 176 premutation (CGG 55170) and 190 FM (CGG 2132000).
   For all CpG units examined, FM males showed a significantly elevated MOR
   compared with that in hypermethylated FM females. In FM males the MOR
   for most CpG units significantly positively correlated with both age and
   CGG size (P 0.05). In FM females the skewing towards the unmethylated
   state was significant for half of the units between birth and puberty (P
   0.05). The methylation status of intron 1 CpG1012 that was most
   significantly related to cognitive impairment in our earlier study, did
   not change significantly with age in FM females. These results challenge
   the concept of fragile X syndrome (FXS)-related methylation being static
   over time, and suggest that due to the preference for the unmethylated
   state in FM females, X-inactivation at this locus is not random. The
   findings also highlight that the prognostic value of FXS methylation
   testing is not uniform between all CpG sites, and thus may need to be
   evaluated on a site-by-site basis.
SN 0964-6906
PD APR
PY 2013
VL 22
IS 8
BP 1516
EP 1524
UT CCC:000316965400004
ER

PT J
AU Kakita, H
   Aoyama, M
   Nagaya, Y
   Asai, H
   Hussein, MH
   Suzuki, M
   Kato, S
   Saitoh, S
   Asai, K
AF Kakita, Hiroki
   Aoyama, Mineyoshi
   Nagaya, Yoshiaki
   Asai, Hayato
   Hussein, Mohamed Hamed
   Suzuki, Mieko
   Kato, Shin
   Saitoh, Shinji
   Asai, Kiyofumi
TI Diclofenac enhances proinflammatory cytokine-induced phagocytosis of
   cultured microglia via nitric oxide production
SO TOXICOLOGY AND APPLIED PHARMACOLOGY
AB Influenza-associated encephalopathy (IAE) is a central nervous system
   complication with a high mortality rate, which is increased
   significantly by the non-steroidal anti-inflammatory drug diclofenac
   sodium (DCF). In the present study, we investigated the effects of DCF
   on brain immune cells (i.e. microglia) stimulated with three
   proinflammatory cytokines, namely tumor necrosis factor-alpha,
   interleukin-1 beta, and interferon-gamma. Similar to previous findings
   in astrocytes, all three cytokines induced the expression of inducible
   NO synthase (iNOS), as well as NO production, in microglia. The addition
   of DCF to the culture system augmented iNOS expression and NO
   production. Immunocytochemical analysis and the phagocytosis assay
   revealed that cytokine treatment induced morphological changes to and
   phagocytosis by the microglia. The addition of DCF to the culture system
   enhanced microglial activation, as well as the phagocytic activity of
   cytokine-stimulated microglia. Inhibitors of nuclear factor (NF)-kappa B
   inhibited iNOS gene expression in cytokine-stimulated microglia with or
   without DCF, suggesting that the NF-kappa B pathway is one of the main
   signaling pathways involved. The iNOS inhibitor
   N-G-monomethyl-L-arginine (L-NMMA) reduced both cytokine-induced
   phagocytosis and phagocytosis induced by the combination of cytokines
   plus DCF. Furthermore, the NO donor sodium nitroprusside induced
   phagocytosis, indicating that NO production is a key regulator of
   microglial phagocytosis. In conclusion, DCF acts synergistically with
   proinflammatory cytokines to increase the production of NO in microglia,
   leading to phagocytic activity of the activated microglia. These
   findings, together with previous observations regarding astrocytes, may
   explain the significant increase in mortality of IAE patients treated
   with DCF. (C) 2013 Elsevier Inc. All rights reserved.
SN 0041-008X
PD APR
PY 2013
VL 268
IS 2
BP 99
EP 105
UT CCC:000316978700001
ER

PT J
AU Kim, JH
   Lee, YG
   Yoo, S
   Oh, J
   Jeong, D
   Song, WK
   Yoo, BC
   Rhee, MH
   Park, J
   Cha, SH
   Hong, S
   Cho, JY
AF Kim, Ji Hye
   Lee, Yong Gyu
   Yoo, Seungwan
   Oh, Jueun
   Jeong, Deok
   Song, Woo Keun
   Yoo, Byong Chul
   Rhee, Man Hee
   Park, Jongsun
   Cha, Sang-hoon
   Hong, Sungyoul
   Cho, Jae Youl
TI Involvement of Src and the actin cytoskeleton in the antitumorigenic
   action of adenosine dialdehyde
SO BIOCHEMICAL PHARMACOLOGY
AB Trans methylation is an important reaction that transfers a methyl group
   in S-adenosylmethionine (SAM) to substrates such as DNA, RNA, and
   proteins. It is known that transmethylation plays critical roles in
   various cellular responses. In this study, we examined the effects of
   transmethylation on tumorigenic responses and its regulatory mechanism
   using an upregulation strategy of adenosylhomocysteine (SAH) acting as a
   negative feedback inhibitor. Treatment with adenosine dialdehyde (AdOx),
   an inhibitor of transmethylation-suppressive adenosylhomocysteine (SAH)
   hydrolase (SAHH), enhanced the level of SAH and effectively blocked the
   proliferation, migration, and invasion of cancer cells; the treatment
   also induced the differentiation of C6 glioma cells and suppressed the
   neovascular genesis of eggs in a dose-dependent manner. Through
   immunoblotting analysis, it was found that AdOx was capable of
   indirectly diminishing the phosphorylation of oncogenic Src and its
   kinase activity. Interestingly, AdOx disrupted actin cytoskeleton
   structures, leading to morphological changes, and suppressed the
   formation of a signaling complex composed of Src and p85/PI3K, which is
   linked to various tumorigenic responses. In agreement with these data,
   the exogenous treatment of SAH or inhibition of SAHH by specific siRNA
   or another type of inhibitor, 3-deazaadenosine (DAZA), similarly
   resulted in antitumorigenic responses, suppressive activity on Src, the
   alteration of actin cytoskeleton, and a change of the colocalization
   pattern between actin and Src. Taken together, these results suggest
   that SAH/SAHH-mediated transmethylation could be linked to the
   tumorigenic processes through cross-regulation between the actin
   cytoskeleton and Src kinase activity. (C) 2013 Elsevier Inc. All rights
   reserved.
SN 0006-2952
PD APR
PY 2013
VL 85
IS 8
BP 1042
EP 1056
UT CCC:000316845800003
ER

PT J
AU Moonat, S
   Sakharkar, AJ
   Zhang, HB
   Tang, L
   Pandey, SC
AF Moonat, Sachin
   Sakharkar, Amul J.
   Zhang, Huaibo
   Tang, Lei
   Pandey, Subhash C.
TI Aberrant Histone Deacetylase2-Mediated Histone Modifications and
   Synaptic Plasticity in the Amygdala Predisposes to Anxiety and
   Alcoholism
SO BIOLOGICAL PSYCHIATRY
AB Background: Epigenetic mechanisms have been implicated in psychiatric
   disorders, including alcohol dependence. However, the epigenetic basis
   and role of specific histone deacetylase (HDAC) isoforms in the genetic
   predisposition to anxiety and alcoholism is unknown.
   Methods: We measured amygdaloid HDAC activity, levels of HDAC isoforms,
   and histone H3 acetylation in selectively bred alcohol-preferring (P)
   and -nonpreferring (NP) rats. We employed HDAC2 small interfering RNA
   infusion into the central nucleus of amygdala (CeA) of P rats to
   determine the causal role of HDAC2 in anxiety-like and alcohol-drinking
   behaviors. Chromatin immunoprecipitation analysis was performed to
   examine the histone acetylation status of brain-derived neurotrophic
   factor (Bdnf) and activity-regulated cytoskeleton associated protein
   (Arc) genes. Golgi-Cox staining was performed to measure dendritic spine
   density.
   Results: We found that P rats innately display higher nuclear HDAC
   activity and HDAC2 but not HDAC 1, 3, 4, 5, and 6 protein levels and
   lower acetylation of H3-K9 but not H3-K14, in the CeA and medial nucleus
   of amygdala compared with NP rats. Acute ethanol exposure decreased
   amygdaloid HDAC activity and HDAC2 protein levels, increased global and
   gene (Bdnf and Arc)-specific histone acetylation, and attenuated
   anxiety-like behaviors in P rats but had no effects in NP rats. The
   HDAC2 knockdown in the CeA attenuated anxiety-like behaviors and
   voluntary alcohol but not sucrose consumption in P rats and increased
   histone acetylation of Bdnf and Arc with a resultant increase in protein
   levels that correlated with increased dendritic spine density.
   Conclusions: These novel data demonstrate the role of HDAC2-mediated
   epigenetic mechanisms in anxiety and alcoholism.
SN 0006-3223
PD APR
PY 2013
VL 73
IS 8
BP 763
EP 773
UT CCC:000317159500011
ER

PT J
AU Mostafalou, S
   Abdollahi, M
AF Mostafalou, Sara
   Abdollahi, Mohammad
TI Pesticides and human chronic diseases: Evidences, mechanisms, and
   perspectives
SO TOXICOLOGY AND APPLIED PHARMACOLOGY
AB Along with the wide use of pesticides in the world, the concerns over
   their health impacts are rapidly growing. There is a huge body of
   evidence on the relation between exposure to pesticides and elevated
   rate of chronic diseases such as different types of cancers, diabetes,
   neurodegenerative disorders like Parkinson, Alzheimer, and amyotrophic
   lateral sclerosis (ALS), birth defects, and reproductive disorders.
   There is also circumstantial evidence on the association of exposure to
   pesticides with some other chronic diseases like respiratory problems,
   particularly asthma and chronic obstructive pulmonary disease (COPD),
   cardiovascular disease such as atherosclerosis and coronary artery
   disease, chronic nephropathies, autoimmune diseases like systemic lupus
   erythematous and rheumatoid arthritis, chronic fatigue syndrome, and
   aging. The common feature of chronic disorders is a disturbance in
   cellular homeostasis, which can be induced via pesticides' primary
   action like perturbation of ion channels, enzymes, receptors, etc., or
   can as well be mediated via pathways other than the main mechanism. In
   this review, we present the highlighted evidence on the association of
   pesticide's exposure with the incidence of chronic diseases and
   introduce genetic damages, epigenetic modifications, endocrine
   disruption, mitochondrial dysfunction, oxidative stress, endoplasmic
   reticulum stress and unfolded protein response (UPR), impairment of
   ubiquitin proteasome system, and defective autophagy as the effective
   mechanisms of action. (C) 2013 Elsevier Inc. All rights reserved.
RI Abdollahi, Mohammad/B-9232-2008
SN 0041-008X
PD APR
PY 2013
VL 268
IS 2
BP 157
EP 177
UT CCC:000316978700008
ER

PT J
AU Pan, X
   Whitten, DA
   Wu, M
   Chan, C
   Wilkerson, CG
   Pestka, JJ
AF Pan, Xiao
   Whitten, Douglas A.
   Wu, Ming
   Chan, Christina
   Wilkerson, Curtis G.
   Pestka, James J.
TI Global protein phosphorylation dynamics during deoxynivalenol-induced
   ribotoxic stress response in the macrophage
SO TOXICOLOGY AND APPLIED PHARMACOLOGY
AB Deoxynivalenol (DON), a trichothecene mycotoxin produced by Fusarium
   that commonly contaminates food, is capable of activating mononuclear
   phagocytes of the innate immune system via a process termed the
   ribotoxic stress response (RSR). To encapture global signaling events
   mediating RSR, we quantified the early temporal (<= 30 min)
   phosphoproteome changes that occurred in RAW 264.7 murine macrophage
   during exposure to a toxicologically relevant concentration of DON (250
   ng/mL). Large-scale phosphoproteomic analysis employing stable isotope
   labeling of amino acids in cell culture (SILAC) in conjunction with
   titanium dioxide chromatography revealed that DON significantly
   upregulated or downregulated phosphorylation of 188 proteins at both
   known and yet-to-be functionally characterized phosphosites. DON-induced
   RSR is extremely complex and goes far beyond its prior known capacity to
   inhibit translation and activate MAPKs. Transcriptional regulation was
   the main target during early DON-induced RSR, covering over 20% of the
   altered phosphoproteins as indicated by Gene Ontology annotation and
   including transcription factors/cofactors and epigenetic modulators.
   Other biological processes impacted included cell cycle, RNA processing,
   translation, ribosome biogenesis, monocyte differentiation and
   cytoskeleton organization. Some of these processes could be mediated by
   signaling networks involving MAPK-, NF kappa B-, AKT- and AMPK-linked
   pathways. Fuzzy c-means clustering revealed that DON-regulated
   phosphosites could be discretely classified with regard to the kinetics
   of phosphorylation/dephosphorylation. The cellular response networks
   identified provide a template for further exploration of the mechanisms
   of trichothecenemycotoxins and other ribotoxins, and ultimately, could
   contribute to improved mechanism-based human health risk assessment (C)
   2013 Elsevier Inc. All rights reserved.
SN 0041-008X
PD APR
PY 2013
VL 268
IS 2
BP 201
EP 211
UT CCC:000316978700011
ER

PT J
AU Zheng, JJ
   Zhang, Y
   Xu, WT
   Luo, YB
   Mao, JR
   Shen, XL
   Yang, X
   Li, XH
   Huang, KL
AF Zheng, Juanjuan
   Zhang, Yu
   Xu, Wentao
   Luo, YunBo
   Mao, Junran
   Shen, Xiao Li
   Yang, Xuan
   Li, Xiaohong
   Huang, Kunlun
TI Zinc protects HepG2 cells against the oxidative damage and DNA damage
   induced by ochratoxin A
SO TOXICOLOGY AND APPLIED PHARMACOLOGY
AB Oxidative stress and DNA damage are the most studied mechanisms by which
   ochratoxin A (OTA) induces its toxic effects, which include
   nephrotoxicity, hepatotoxicity, immunotoxicity and genotoxicity. Zinc,
   which is an essential trace element, is considered a potential
   antioxidant. The aim of this paper was to investigate whether zinc
   supplement could inhibit OTA-induced oxidative damage and DNA damage in
   HepG2 cells and the mechanism of inhibition. The results indicated that
   that exposure of OTA decreased the intracellular zinc concentration;
   zinc supplement significantly reduced the OTA-induced production of
   reactive oxygen species (ROS) and decrease in superoxide dismutase (SOD)
   activity but did not affect the OTA-induced decrease in the
   mitochondrial membrane potential (Delta psi(m)). Meanwhile, the addition
   of the zinc chelator N,N,N',N'-tetrakis(2-pyridylmethyl)ethylenediamine
   (TPEN) strongly aggravated the OTA-induced oxidative damage. This study
   also demonstrated that zinc helped to maintain the integrity of DNA
   through the reduction of OTA-induced DNA strand breaks,
   8-hydroxy-2'-deoxyguanosine (8-OHdG) formation and DNA hypomethylation.
   OTA increased the mRNA expression of metallothionein1-A (MT1A),
   metallothionein2-A (MT2A) and Cu/Zn superoxide dismutase (SOD1). Zinc
   supplement further enhanced the mRNA expression of MT1A and MT2A, but it
   had no effect on the mRNA expression of SOD1 and catalase (CAT). Zinc
   was for the first time proven to reduce the cytotoxicity of OTA through
   inhibiting the oxidative damage and DNA damage, and regulating the
   expression of zinc-associated genes. Thus, the addition of zinc can
   potentially be used to reduce the OTA toxicity of contaminated feeds.
   (C) 2013 Elsevier Inc. All rights reserved.
SN 0041-008X
PD APR
PY 2013
VL 268
IS 2
BP 123
EP 131
UT CCC:000316978700004
ER

PT J
AU Bradley, EW
   Carpio, LR
   Westendorf, JJ
AF Bradley, Elizabeth W.
   Carpio, Lomeli R.
   Westendorf, Jennifer J.
TI Histone Deacetylase 3 Suppression Increases PH Domain and Leucine-rich
   Repeat Phosphatase (Phlpp)1 Expression in Chondrocytes to Suppress Akt
   Signaling and Matrix Secretion
SO JOURNAL OF BIOLOGICAL CHEMISTRY
AB HDACs epigenetically regulate cellular processes by modifying chromatin
   and influencing gene expression. We previously reported that conditional
   deletion of Hdac3 in osteo-chondroprogenitor cells with Osx1-Cre caused
   severe osteopenia due to abnormal maturation of osteoblasts. The mice
   were also smaller. To address the abnormal longitudinal growth in these
   animals, the role of Hdac3 in chondrocyte differentiation was evaluated.
   We found that Hdac3 is highly expressed in resting and prehypertrophic
   growth plate chondrocytes, as well as in articular chondrocytes.
   Hdac3-deficient chondrocytes entered hypertrophy sooner and were smaller
   than normal chondrocytes. Extracellular matrix production was suppressed
   as glycosaminoglycan secretion and production of aggrecan, osteopontin,
   and matrix extracellular phosphoglycoprotein were reduced in
   Hdac3-deficient chondrocytes. These phenotypes led to the hypothesis
   that the Akt/mTOR pathway was repressed in these Hdac3-deficient
   chondrocytes because Akt promotes hypertrophy and matrix production in
   many tissues. The phosphorylation and activation of Akt, its substrate
   mTOR, and the mTOR substrate, p70 S6 kinase, were indeed reduced in
   Hdac3-deficient primary chondrocytes as well as in chondrocytes exposed
   to HDAC inhibitors. Expression of constitutively active Akt restored
   phosphorylation of mTOR and p70 S6K and matrix gene expression levels.
   Reduced phosphorylation of Akt and its substrates in Hdac3-deficient or
   HDAC inhibitors treated chondrocytes correlated with increased
   expression of the phosphatase Phlpp1. Hdac3 associated with a Phlpp1
   promoter region containing Smad binding elements and was released after
   TGF beta was added to the culture. These data demonstrate that Hdac3
   controls chondrocyte hypertrophy and matrix content by repressing Phlpp1
   expression and facilitating Akt activity.
SN 0021-9258
PD APR
PY 2013
VL 288
IS 14
BP 9572
EP 9582
UT CCC:000317114000001
ER

PT J
AU Hashimoto, K
   Otero, M
   Imagawa, K
   de Andres, MC
   Coico, JM
   Roach, HI
   Oreffo, ROC
   Marcu, KB
   Goldring, MB
AF Hashimoto, Ko
   Otero, Miguel
   Imagawa, Kei
   de Andres, Mara C.
   Coico, Jonathan M.
   Roach, Helmtrud I.
   Oreffo, Richard O. C.
   Marcu, Kenneth B.
   Goldring, Mary B.
TI Regulated Transcription of Human Matrix Metalloproteinase 13 (MMP13) and
   Interleukin-1 beta (IL1B) Genes in Chondrocytes Depends on Methylation
   of Specific Proximal Promoter CpG Sites
SO JOURNAL OF BIOLOGICAL CHEMISTRY
AB The role of DNA methylation in the regulation of catabolic genes such as
   MMP13 and IL1B, which have sparse CpG islands, is poorly understood in
   the context of musculoskeletal diseases. We report that demethylation of
   specific CpG sites at -110 bp and -299 bp of the proximal MMP13 and IL1B
   promoters, respectively, detected by in situ methylation analysis of
   chondrocytes obtained directly from human cartilage, strongly correlated
   with higher levels of gene expression. The methylation status of these
   sites had a significant impact on promoter activities in chondrocytes,
   as revealed in transfection experiments with site-directed CpG mutants
   in a CpG-free luciferase reporter. Methylation of the -110 and -299 CpG
   sites, which reside within a hypoxia-inducible factor (HIF) consensus
   motif in the respective MMP13 and IL1B promoters, produced the most
   marked suppression of their transcriptional activities. Methylation of
   the -110 bp CpG site in the MMP13 promoter inhibited its HIF-2
   alpha-driven transactivation and decreased HIF-2 alpha binding to the
   MMP13 proximal promoter in chromatin immunoprecipitation assays. In
   contrast to HIF-2 alpha, MMP13 transcriptional regulation by other
   positive (RUNX2, AP-1, ELF3) and negative (Sp1, GATA1, and USF1) factors
   was not affected by methylation status. However, unlike the MMP13
   promoter, IL1B was not susceptible to HIF-2 alpha transactivation,
   indicating that the -299 CpG site in the IL1B promoter must interact
   with other transcription factors to modulate IL1B transcriptional
   activity. Taken together, our data reveal that the methylation of
   different CpG sites in the proximal promoters of the human MMP13 and
   IL1B genes modulates their transcription by distinct mechanisms.
SN 0021-9258
PD APR
PY 2013
VL 288
IS 14
BP 10061
EP 10072
UT CCC:000317114000044
ER

PT J
AU Lu, XW
   Wontakal, SN
   Kavi, H
   Kim, BJ
   Guzzardo, PM
   Emelyanov, AV
   Xu, N
   Hannon, GJ
   Zavadil, J
   Fyodorov, DV
   Skoultchi, AI
AF Lu, Xingwu
   Wontakal, Sandeep N.
   Kavi, Harsh
   Kim, Byung Ju
   Guzzardo, Paloma M.
   Emelyanov, Alexander V.
   Xu, Na
   Hannon, Gregory J.
   Zavadil, Jiri
   Fyodorov, Dmitry V.
   Skoultchi, Arthur I.
TI Drosophila H1 Regulates the Genetic Activity of Heterochromatin by
   Recruitment of Su(var)3-9
SO SCIENCE
AB Eukaryotic genomes harbor transposable elements and other repetitive
   sequences that must be silenced. Small RNA interference pathways play a
   major role in their repression. Here, we reveal another mechanism for
   silencing these sequences in Drosophila. Depleting the linker histone H1
   in vivo leads to strong activation of these elements. H1-mediated
   silencing occurs in combination with the heterochromatin-specific
   histone H3 lysine 9 methyltransferase Su(var)3-9. H1 physically
   interacts with Su(var) 3-9 and recruits it to chromatin in vitro, which
   promotes H3 methylation. We propose that H1 plays a key role in
   silencing by tethering Su(var) 3-9 to heterochromatin. The tethering
   function of H1 adds to its established role as a regulator of chromatin
   compaction and accessibility.
SN 0036-8075
PD APR
PY 2013
VL 340
IS 6128
BP 78
EP 81
UT CCC:000317061100049
ER

PT J
AU Sen, R
   Lahudkar, S
   Durairaj, G
   Bhaumik, SR
AF Sen, Rwik
   Lahudkar, Shweta
   Durairaj, Geetha
   Bhaumik, Sukesh R.
TI Functional Analysis of Bre1p, an E3 Ligase for Histone H2B
   Ubiquitylation, in Regulation of RNA Polymerase II Association with
   Active Genes and Transcription in Vivo
SO JOURNAL OF BIOLOGICAL CHEMISTRY
AB H2B ubiquitylation is carried out by Bre1p, an E3 ligase, along with an
   E2 conjugase, Rad6p. H2B ubiquitylation has been previously implicated
   in promoting the association of RNA polymerase II with the coding
   sequence of the active GAL1 gene, and hence transcriptional elongation.
   Intriguingly, we find here that the association of RNA polymerase II
   with the active GAL1 coding sequence is not decreased in Delta bre1,
   although it is required for H2B ubiquitylation. In contrast, the loss of
   Rad6p significantly impairs the association of RNA polymerase II with
   GAL1. Likewise, the point mutation of lysine 123 (ubiquitylation site)
   to arginine of H2B (H2B-K123R) also lowers the association of RNA
   polymerase II with GAL1, consistent with the role of H2B ubiquitylation
   in promoting RNA polymerase II association. Surprisingly, unlike the
   Delta rad6 and H2B-K123R strains, complete deletion of BRE1 does not
   impair the association of RNA polymerase II with GAL1. However, deletion
   of the RING domain of Bre1p (that is essential for H2B ubiquitylation)
   impairs RNA polymerase II association with GAL1. These results imply
   that a non-RING domain of Bre1p counteracts the stimulatory role of the
   RING domain in regulating the association of RNA polymerase II with
   GAL1, and hence RNA polymerase II occupancy is not impaired in Delta
   bre1. Consistently, GAL1 transcription is impaired in the absence of the
   RING domain of Bre1p, but not in Delta bre1. Similar results are also
   obtained at other genes. Collectively, our results implicate both the
   stimulatory and repressive roles of Bre1p in regulation of RNA
   polymerase II association with active genes (and hence transcription) in
   vivo.
SN 0021-9258
PD APR
PY 2013
VL 288
IS 14
BP 9619
EP 9633
UT CCC:000317114000006
ER

PT J
AU Krall, AS
   Christofk, HR
AF Krall, Abigail S.
   Christofk, Heather R.
TI CANCER A metabolic metamorphosis
SO NATURE
SN 0028-0836
PD APR
PY 2013
VL 496
IS 7443
BP 38
EP 40
UT CCC:000316993400019
ER

PT J
AU De Faveri, LE
   Hurst, CD
   Platt, FM
   Taylor, CF
   Roulson, JA
   Sanchez-Carbayo, M
   Knowles, MA
   Chapman, EJ
AF De Faveri, L. E.
   Hurst, C. D.
   Platt, F. M.
   Taylor, C. F.
   Roulson, J-A
   Sanchez-Carbayo, M.
   Knowles, M. A.
   Chapman, E. J.
TI Putative tumour suppressor gene necdin is hypermethylated and mutated in
   human cancer
SO BRITISH JOURNAL OF CANCER
AB Background: Necdin (NDN) expression is downregulated in
   telomerase-immortalised normal human urothelial cells.
   Telomerase-immortalised normal human urothelial cells have no detected
   genetic alterations. Accordingly, many of the genes whose expression is
   altered following immortalisation are those for which epigenetic
   silencing is reported.
   Methods: NDN expression was examined in normal tissues and tumour cell
   lines by quantitative real-time PCR and immunoblotting.
   Immunohistochemistry was performed on urothelial carcinoma (UC).
   Urothelial carcinoma and UC cell lines were subject to
   HumanMethylation27 BeadChip Array-based methylation analyses. Mutation
   screening was performed. The functional significance of NDN expression
   was investigated using retroviral-mediated downregulation or
   overexpression.
   Results: NDN protein was widely expressed in normal tissues. Loss of
   expression was observed in 38 out of 44 (86%) of UC cell lines and 19
   out of 25 (76%) of non-UC cell lines. Loss of NDN protein was found in
   the majority of primary UC. Oncomine analysis demonstrated
   downregulation of expression in multiple tumour types. In UC,
   tumour-specific hypermethylation of NDN and key CpG sites where
   hypermethylation correlated with reduced expression were identified. Six
   novel mutations, including some of predicted functional significance,
   were identified in colorectal and ovarian cancer cell lines. Functional
   studies showed that NDN could suppress colony formation at low cell
   density and affect anchorage-independent growth and anoikis in vitro.
   Conclusion: NDN is a novel tumour suppressor candidate that is
   downregulated and hypermethylated or mutated in cancer.
SN 0007-0920
PD APR
PY 2013
VL 108
IS 6
BP 1368
EP 1377
UT CCC:000317038800019
ER

PT J
AU Gu, F
   Pfeiffer, RM
   Bhattacharjee, S
   Han, SS
   Taylor, PR
   Berndt, S
   Yang, H
   Sigurdson, AJ
   Toro, J
   Mirabello, L
   Greene, MH
   Freedman, ND
   Abnet, CC
   Dawsey, SM
   Hu, N
   Qiao, YL
   Ding, T
   Brenner, AV
   Garcia-Closas, M
   Hayes, R
   Brinton, LA
   Lissowska, J
   Wentzensen, N
   Kratz, C
   Moore, LE
   Ziegler, RG
   Chow, WH
   Savage, SA
   Burdette, L
   Yeager, M
   Chanock, SJ
   Chatterjee, N
   Tucker, MA
   Goldstein, AM
   Yang, XR
AF Gu, F.
   Pfeiffer, R. M.
   Bhattacharjee, S.
   Han, S. S.
   Taylor, P. R.
   Berndt, S.
   Yang, H.
   Sigurdson, A. J.
   Toro, J.
   Mirabello, L.
   Greene, M. H.
   Freedman, N. D.
   Abnet, C. C.
   Dawsey, S. M.
   Hu, N.
   Qiao, Y-L
   Ding, T.
   Brenner, A. V.
   Garcia-Closas, M.
   Hayes, R.
   Brinton, L. A.
   Lissowska, J.
   Wentzensen, N.
   Kratz, C.
   Moore, L. E.
   Ziegler, R. G.
   Chow, W-H
   Savage, S. A.
   Burdette, L.
   Yeager, M.
   Chanock, S. J.
   Chatterjee, N.
   Tucker, M. A.
   Goldstein, A. M.
   Yang, X. R.
TI Common genetic variants in the 9p21 region and their associations with
   multiple tumours
SO BRITISH JOURNAL OF CANCER
AB Background: The chromosome 9p21.3 region has been implicated in the
   pathogenesis of multiple cancers.
   Methods: We systematically examined up to 203 tagging SNPs of 22 genes
   on 9p21.3 (19.9-32.8 Mb) in eight case-control studies: thyroid cancer,
   endometrial cancer (EC), renal cell carcinoma, colorectal cancer (CRC),
   colorectal adenoma (CA), oesophageal squamous cell carcinoma (ESCC),
   gastric cardia adenocarcinoma and osteosarcoma (OS). We used logistic
   regression to perform single SNP analyses for each study separately,
   adjusting for study-specific covariates. We combined SNP results across
   studies by fixed-effect meta-analyses and a newly developed subset-based
   statistical approach (ASSET). Gene-based P-values were obtained by the
   minP method using the Adaptive Rank Truncated Product program. We
   adjusted for multiple comparisons by Bonferroni correction.
   Results: Rs3731239 in cyclin-dependent kinase inhibitors 2A (CDKN2A) was
   significantly associated with ESCC (P = 7 x 10(-6)). The CDKN2A-ESCC
   association was further supported by gene-based analyses (P-gene =
   0.0001). In the meta-analyses by ASSET, four SNPs (rs3731239 in CDKN2A,
   rs615552 and rs573687 in CDKN2B and rs564398 in CDKN2BAS) showed
   significant associations with ESCC and EC (P < 2.46 x 10(-4)). One SNP
   in MTAP (methylthioadenosine phosphorylase) (rs7023329) that was
   previously associated with melanoma and nevi in multiple genome-wide
   association studies was associated with CRC, CA and OS by ASSET (P =
   0.007).
   Conclusion: Our data indicate that genetic variants in CDKN2A, and
   possibly nearby genes, may be associated with ESCC and several other
   tumours, further highlighting the importance of 9p21.3 genetic variants
   in carcinogenesis.
SN 0007-0920
PD APR
PY 2013
VL 108
IS 6
BP 1378
EP 1386
UT CCC:000317038800020
ER

PT J
AU Qian, MX
   Jin, W
   Zhu, XH
   Jia, XH
   Yang, XW
   Du, YZ
   Wang, KK
   Zhang, J
AF Qian, Maoxiang
   Jin, Wen
   Zhu, Xuehua
   Jia, Xiaohong
   Yang, Xianwen
   Du, Yanzhi
   Wang, Kankan
   Zhang, Ji
TI Structurally differentiated cis-elements that interact with PU.1 are
   functionally distinguishable in acute promyelocytic leukemia
SO JOURNAL OF HEMATOLOGY & ONCOLOGY
AB Background: Transcription factor PU.1, a member of the ETS family, is a
   master regulator of myeloid differentiation whose functional disruption
   is often associated with acute myeloid leukemia (AML). Although much has
   been learned about PU.1 over the past decades, relatively little is
   known about cis-elements that interact with this factor under
   physiological or pathological conditions, especially in the whole-genome
   scale. We aimed to define the cistrome of PU.1 in acute promyelocytic
   leukemia (APL) cells and characterize the cis-elements bound by PU.1.
   Methods: Chromatin immunoprecipitation with specific antibody coupled
   with deep sequencing (ChIP-seq) was used to investigate the in vivo PU.1
   binding sites at the whole-genome scale in APL-derived NB4 cells. The
   ChIP-quantitative (q)-PCR and luciferase reporter assays were used to
   validate the binding events and trans-activity, respectively. Various
   computational analyses, including motif mining, evolutionary
   conservation analysis and functional enrichment analysis, were performed
   to characterize the cis-elements that interacted with PU.1.
   Results: A total of 26,907 significantly enriched binding regions of
   PU.1 were identified under the false discovery rate 0.1% in NB4 cells.
   PU.1 bound to various types of genomic regions and acted as a
   promoter-enhancer dual binding transcription factor. Based on the
   sequence length and composition, two types of representative motifs were
   identified in PU.1 binding sites: a long and a short motif. The long
   motif, characterized by high sequence specificity and binding affinity,
   predominantly resided in the promoter-distal regions. In contrast, the
   short one, with strong evolutionary constraint, represented the primary
   PU.1 cis-elements in the promoter-proximal regions. Interestingly, the
   short one showed more preference to be correlated with the binding of
   other factors, especially PML/RARa. Moreover, genes targeted by both
   PU.1 and PML/RARa were significantly involved in categories associated
   with oncogenesis, hematopoiesis and the pathogenesis of acute myeloid
   leukemia.
   Conclusions: Our results demonstrate that structurally differentiated
   cis-elements that interact with PU.1 are functionally distinguishable in
   APL, suggesting that the sequence diversity of cis-elements might be a
   critical mechanism by which cells interpret the genome, and contribute
   to distinct physiological and/or pathological function.
SN 1756-8722
PD APR
PY 2013
VL 6
BP 25
EP 25
UT CCC:000317306600001
ER

PT J
AU Akinfieva, O
   Nabiev, I
   Sukhanova, A
AF Akinfieva, Olga
   Nabiev, Igor
   Sukhanova, Alyona
TI New directions in quantum dot-based cytometry detection of cancer serum
   markers and tumor cells
SO CRITICAL REVIEWS IN ONCOLOGY HEMATOLOGY
AB The use of fluorescent quantum dots (QDs) incorporated in or tagged with
   polymeric microbeads allows multiplexed coding of biomolecules. Compared
   to organic dyes, QDs are characterized by improved imaging capabilities,
   brightness, and photostability and may be used for simultaneous
   detection of multiple biomarkers. Development of QD conjugates and
   QD-encoded suspension arrays has given rise to new promising approaches
   to cell labeling, in vivo visualization, and diagnostic assay
   techniques. QDs have proved to be efficient donors for Forster resonance
   energy transfer (FRET) and are characterized by high multiphoton
   absorption coefficients. Implication of QD-based suspension arrays for
   identification of autoantibodies, tumor-specific T cells, and detection
   of circulating cancer cells by means of flow cytometry, holds
   considerable promise for earliest diagnosis of human abnormalities and
   effective monitoring of the therapeutic effects. This review summarizes
   recent advances in QD-based suspension arrays application to cancer
   diagnosis and attempts to predict their diagnostic potential in a
   future. (C) 2012 Elsevier Ireland Ltd. All rights reserved.
SN 1040-8428
PD APR
PY 2013
VL 86
IS 1
BP 1
EP 14
UT CCC:000317028700001
ER

PT J
AU Baker, K
   McGill, J
   Sharma, R
   Agarwal, A
   Sabanegh, E
AF Baker, Karen
   McGill, John
   Sharma, Rakesh
   Agarwal, Ashok
   Sabanegh, Edmund, Jr.
TI Pregnancy After Varicocelectomy: Impact of Postoperative Motility and
   DFI
SO UROLOGY
AB OBJECTIVE To examine clinical and laboratory variables to determine
   which, if any, predict improved semen parameters and pregnancy after
   varicocelectomy.
   METHODS Surgical logs were reviewed for men who underwent varicocele
   ligation for a fertility concern. Clinical, demographic, and laboratory
   data was obtained through medical chart review and paired with
   postoperative reproductive outcomes obtained through chart review and
   survey.
   RESULTS Eighty-three subjects met inclusion criteria of which 63 and 24
   completed both preoperative and postoperative basic and advanced semen
   testing, respectively. There was a statistically significant improvement
   in semen concentration, total motile count, sperm DNA fragmentation
   index (DFI), and total normal sperm count (TNSC) after varicocelectomy.
   Motility improved significantly in patients with preoperative
   asthenospermia. Concentration and motility demonstrated mean increases
   of 5.2 M/mL and 18%, respectively. DFI decreased from a preoperative
   mean of 40.8% to a postoperative mean of 24.5%. Fifty-one percent of
   couples were able to conceive using natural conception, intrauterine
   insemination, or in vitro fertilization (IVF)/intracytoplasmic sperm
   injection (ICSI). Pregnancy, regardless of the method used to conceive,
   was associated with a higher postoperative motility. The mean
   postoperative DFI in couples who reported a spontaneous pregnancy was
   34%, which was statistically higher than the mean DFI of 17.5% in
   couples who reported a pregnancy with IVF/ICSI (P = .04).
   CONCLUSION Varicocele ligation improves multiple semen parameters. An
   increase in motility was the only variable associated with postoperative
   pregnancy irrespective of the method by which pregnancy was obtained.
   Mean DFI in couples able to achieve spontaneous pregnancy was above 30%
   and statistically higher than couples who reported pregnancy via
   IVF/ICSI. UROLOGY 81: 760-766, 2013. Published by Elsevier Inc.
SN 0090-4295
PD APR
PY 2013
VL 81
IS 4
BP 760
EP 766
UT CCC:000317116300019
ER

PT J
AU Bartholomew, B
AF Bartholomew, Blaine
TI Monomeric actin required for INO80 remodeling
SO NATURE STRUCTURAL & MOLECULAR BIOLOGY
AB Nuclear actin is a subunit of several chromatin-remodeling complexes,
   and the efficient binding of INO80 to extranucleosomal DNA is now shown
   to require actin. The form of actin present in the INO80 complex is
   monomeric and cannot associate with actin filaments.
SN 1545-9993
PD APR
PY 2013
VL 20
IS 4
BP 405
EP 407
UT CCC:000317044400001
ER

PT J
AU Ben Dor, R
   Harsh, VL
   Fortinsky, P
   Koziol, DE
   Rubinow, DR
   Schmidt, PJ
AF Ben Dor, Rivka
   Harsh, Veronica L.
   Fortinsky, Paige
   Koziol, Deloris E.
   Rubinow, David R.
   Schmidt, Peter J.
TI Effects of Pharmacologically Induced Hypogonadism on Mood and Behavior
   in Healthy Young Women
SO AMERICAN JOURNAL OF PSYCHIATRY
AB Objective: The relationship between depression and estrogen withdrawal
   remains controversial. The authors examined the effects of
   gonadotropin-releasing hormone agonist-induced ovarian suppression on
   mood, sleep, sexual function, and nighttime hot flushes. They focused on
   whether participating women experienced clinically significant
   depressive symptoms and whether specific symptoms associated with
   hypogonadism (nighttime hot flushes and disturbed sleep) increased
   susceptibility to depression.
   Method: Participants were 72 healthy premenopausal women, ages 19-52
   years, with no current or past axis I psychiatric diagnosis or
   gynecological or other medical illness. After 2 months of baseline
   screening, women received monthly injections of leuprolide acetate (3.75
   mg) for 2-3 months. Outcomes were measured using the Beck Depression
   Inventory (BDI) and a daily rating scale measuring the severity of
   several affective and behavioral symptoms. Data were analyzed by
   repeated-measures analysis of variance using PROC MIXED (for mixed
   models).
   Results: BDI scores >= 10 were reported in four of the 72 women (5.6%).
   Relative to baseline, induced hypogonadism was associated with
   significantly decreased sexual interest, disturbed sleep, and more
   severe nighttime hot flushes, but no significant change in any
   mood-related symptom score. Hot flush severity was significantly
   correlated with disturbed sleep.
   Conclusions: These data demonstrate that clinically significant
   depressive symptoms were rare accompaniments of short-term estradiol
   withdrawal and induced hypogonadism in healthy premenopausal women.
   Additionally, neither nighttime hot flushes nor disturbed sleep were
   sufficient to cause depressive symptoms in hypogonadal women. (Am J
   Psychiatry 2013; 170:426-433)
SN 0002-953X
PD APR
PY 2013
VL 170
IS 4
BP 426
EP 433
UT CCC:000316925500013
ER

PT J
AU Binder, H
   Steiner, L
   Przybilla, J
   Rohlf, T
   Prohaska, S
   Galle, J
AF Binder, Hans
   Steiner, Lydia
   Przybilla, Jens
   Rohlf, Thimo
   Prohaska, Sonja
   Galle, Joerg
TI Transcriptional regulation by histone modifications: towards a theory of
   chromatin re-organization during stem cell differentiation
SO PHYSICAL BIOLOGY
AB Chromatin-related mechanisms, as e. g. histone modifications, are known
   to be involved in regulatory switches within the transcriptome. Only
   recently, mathematical models of these mechanisms have been established.
   So far they have not been applied to genome-wide data. We here introduce
   a mathematical model of transcriptional regulation by histone
   modifications and apply it to data of trimethylation of histone 3 at
   lysine 4 (H3K4me3) and 27 (H3K27me3) in mouse pluripotent and
   lineage-committed cells. The model describes binding of protein
   complexes to chromatin which are capable of reading and writing histone
   marks. Molecular interactions of the complexes with DNA and modified
   histones create a regulatory switch of transcriptional activity. The
   regulatory states of the switch depend on the activity of histone (de-)
   methylases, the strength of complex-DNA-binding and the number of
   nucleosomes capable of cooperatively contributing to complex-binding.
   Our model explains experimentally measured length distributions of
   modified chromatin regions. It suggests (i) that high CpG-density
   facilitates recruitment of the modifying complexes in embryonic stem
   cells and (ii) that re-organization of extended chromatin regions during
   lineage specification into neuronal progenitor cells requires targeted
   de-modification. Our approach represents a basic step towards
   multi-scale models of transcriptional control during development and
   lineage specification.
SN 1478-3967
PD APR
PY 2013
VL 10
IS 2
BP 26006
EP 26006
UT CCC:000317103500012
ER

PT J
AU Blaes, F
AF Blaes, Franz
TI Paraneoplastic Brain Stem Encephalitis
SO CURRENT TREATMENT OPTIONS IN NEUROLOGY
AB Paraneoplastic brain stem encephalitis can occur as an isolated clinical
   syndrome or, more often, may be part of a more widespread encephalitis.
   Different antineuronal autoantibodies, such as anti-Hu, anti-Ri, and
   anti-Ma2 can be associated with the syndrome, and the most frequent
   tumors are lung and testicular cancer. Anti-Hu-associated brain stem
   encephalitis does not normally respond to immunotherapy; the syndrome
   may stabilize under tumor treatment. Brain stem encephalitis with
   anti-Ma2 often improves after immunotherapy and/or tumor therapy,
   whereas only a minority of anti-Ri positive patients respond to
   immunosuppressants or tumor treatment. The Opsoclonus-myoclonus syndrome
   (OMS) in children, almost exclusively associated with neuroblastoma,
   shows a good response to steroids, ACTH, and rituximab, some patients do
   respond to intravenous immunoglobulins or cyclophosphamide. In adults,
   OMS is mainly associated with small cell lung cancer or gynecological
   tumors and only a small part of the patients show improvement after
   immunotherapy. Earlier diagnosis and treatment seem to be one major
   problem to improve the prognosis of both, paraneoplastic brain stem
   encephalitis, and OMS.
SN 1092-8480
PD APR
PY 2013
VL 15
IS 2
BP 201
EP 209
UT CCC:000317079600008
ER

PT J
AU Booth, T
   Deary, IJ
   Starr, JM
AF Booth, Tom
   Deary, Ian J.
   Starr, John M.
TI Thyroid stimulating hormone, free thyroxine and cognitive ability in old
   age: The Lothian birth cohort study 1936
SO PSYCHONEUROENDOCRINOLOGY
AB The current study investigated the associations between thyroid
   stimulating hormone (TSH), free thyroxine (14) and cognitive ability
   (general ability, memory and processing speed), in a large age
   homogenous sample (n = 659) of generally healthy euthyroid older adults.
   Associations were considered both at baseline (mean age wave 1 = 69.5
   years; SD = 0.8 years) and approximately 3 years later (mean age wave 2
   = 72.5 years; SD = 0.7 years). Results indicated mean level decreases
   across waves in both TSH (t = 10.99, p < 0.001) and T-4 (t = 34.55, p <
   0.001). There were no significant associations between TSH and T-4 with
   any of the cognitive variables at either wave. There was no suggestion
   of non-linear associations. The lack of associations supports
   suggestions that the effects of thyroid hormones on cognition may be
   restricted to older individuals above a given threshold, and/or those
   with levels of thyroid hormones within the range defining clinical
   thyroid disorder. (C) 2012 Elsevier Ltd. All rights reserved.
SN 0306-4530
PD APR
PY 2013
VL 38
IS 4
BP 597
EP 601
UT CCC:000317156400014
ER

PT J
AU Branchi, I
   Curley, JP
   D'Andrea, I
   Cirulli, F
   Champagne, FA
   Alleva, E
AF Branchi, Igor
   Curley, James P.
   D'Andrea, Ivana
   Cirulli, Francesca
   Champagne, Frances A.
   Alleva, Enrico
TI Early interactions with mother and peers independently build adult
   social skills and shape BDNF and oxytocin receptor brain levels
SO PSYCHONEUROENDOCRINOLOGY
AB The early social environment has a profound impact on developmental
   trajectories. Although an impoverished early environment can undermine
   the acquisition of appropriate social skills, the specific role played
   by the different components of an individual's early environment in
   building social competencies has not been fully elucidated. Here we
   setup an asynchronous communal nesting paradigm in mice to disentangle
   the influence of maternal care and early peer interactions on adult
   social behavior and neural systems reportedly involved in the regulation
   of social interactions. The asynchronous communal nesting consists of
   three mothers giving birth three days apart, generating three groups of
   pups - the Old, the Middle and the Young - all raised in a single nest
   from birth to weaning. We scored the amount of maternal and peer
   interactions received by these mice and by a fourth group reared under
   standard conditions. At adulthood, the four experimental groups have
   been investigated for social behavior in a social interaction test, i.e.
   facing an unfamiliar conspecific during five 20-min daily encounters,
   and for oxytocin receptor and brain derived neurotrophic factor (BDNF)
   levels. Results show that only individuals exposed to high levels of
   both maternal and peer interactions demonstrated elaborate adult
   agonistic competencies, i.e. the ability to promptly display a social
   status, and high BDNF levels in the hippocampus, frontal cortex and
   hypothalamus. By contrast, only individuals exposed to high levels of
   peer interactions showed enhanced adult affiliative behavior and
   enhanced oxytocin receptor levels in selected nuclei of the amygdala.
   Overall these findings indicate that early interactions with mother and
   peers independently shape specific facets of adult social behavior and
   neural systems involved in social interaction. (c) 2012 Elsevier Ltd.
   All rights reserved.
SN 0306-4530
PD APR
PY 2013
VL 38
IS 4
BP 522
EP 532
UT CCC:000317156400006
ER

PT J
AU Buster, DW
   Daniel, SG
   Nguyen, HQ
   Windler, SL
   Skwarek, LC
   Peterson, M
   Roberts, M
   Meserve, JH
   Hartl, T
   Klebba, JE
   Bilder, D
   Bosco, G
   Rogers, GC
AF Buster, Daniel W.
   Daniel, Scott G.
   Nguyen, Huy Q.
   Windler, Sarah L.
   Skwarek, Lara C.
   Peterson, Maureen
   Roberts, Meredith
   Meserve, Joy H.
   Hartl, Tom
   Klebba, Joseph E.
   Bilder, David
   Bosco, Giovanni
   Rogers, Gregory C.
TI SCFslimb ubiquitin ligase suppresses condensin II-mediated nuclear
   reorganization by degrading Cap-H2
SO JOURNAL OF CELL BIOLOGY
AB Condensin complexes play vital roles in chromosome condensation during
   mitosis and meiosis. Condensin II uniquely localizes to chromatin
   throughout the cell cycle and, in addition to its mitotic duties,
   modulates chromosome organization and gene expression during interphase.
   Mitotic condensin activity is regulated by phosphorylation, but
   mechanisms that regulate condensin II during interphase are unclear.
   Here, we report that condensin II is inactivated when its subunit Cap-H2
   is targeted for degradation by the SCFslimb ubiquitin ligase complex and
   that disruption of this process dramatically changed interphase
   chromatin organization. Inhibition of SCFslimb function reorganized
   interphase chromosomes into dense, compact domains and disrupted
   homologue pairing in both cultured Drosophila cells and in vivo, but
   these effects were rescued by condensin II inactivation. Furthermore,
   Cap-H2 stabilization distorted nuclear envelopes and dispersed
   Cid/CENP-A on interphase chromosomes. Therefore, SCFslimb- mediated
   down-regulation of condensin II is required to maintain proper
   organization and morphology of the interphase nucleus.
SN 0021-9525
PD APR
PY 2013
VL 201
IS 1
BP 49
EP 63
UT CCC:000317091200007
ER

PT J
AU Caron, JP
   Gandy, JC
   Schmidt, M
   Hauptman, JG
   Sordillo, LM
AF Caron, John P.
   Gandy, Jeff C.
   Schmidt, Michelle
   Hauptman, Joseph G.
   Sordillo, Lorraine M.
TI Influence of Corticosteroids on Interleukin-1-Stimulated Equine
   Chondrocyte Gene Expression
SO VETERINARY SURGERY
AB Objective To compare the effects of triamcinolone acetonide (TA) and
   methylprednisolone acetate (MPA) on expression of selected chondrocyte
   genes in recombinant equine interleukin-1 (reIL-1) stimulated articular
   cartilage explants. Design In vitro experiment. Animals Horses (n=6).
   Procedures Articular cartilage explants from 2- to 3- year-old horses
   were exposed to reIL-1 in the presence and absence of TA and MPA at 107
   and 106 M. Resting levels of mRNA of anabolic and catabolic genes of
   chondrocyte origin were quantified using qPCR after 6- and 12-hour
   incubations. Genes of interest included aggrecan interglobular domain,
   aggrecan, and collagen II, matrix metalloproteinases 3 and 13 (MMP3, MMP
   13), aggrecanase 1, tissue inhibitor of matrix metalloproteinases 1 and
   2 (TIMP 1, TIMP 2), BCL 2, vascular endothelial growth factor, and
   cyclooxygenase 2 (COX 2). Results IL-1 significantly influenced the
   expression of most transcripts. MPA and TA inhibited the induction of
   MMP 13 at 6 and 12 hours; an effect that was significant at 6 hours with
   MPA at 107 M and TA at 106 M. Similarly, COX 2 was induced by reIL-1 and
   MPA and TA significantly inhibited its upregulation. TIMP 2 expression
   was reduced by reIL-1, an effect that was significantly abrogated by MPA
   and TA. There were no significant differences observed between
   glucocorticoids for any gene studied. Conclusions No differential
   effects of MPA or TA on chondrocytic gene expression were identified
   suggesting that any divergent influences of these glucocorticoids on
   chondrocyte metabolism are posttranslational.
SN 0161-3499
PD APR
PY 2013
VL 42
IS 3
BP 231
EP 237
UT CCC:000317019300001
ER

PT J
AU Cho, CE
   Norman, M
AF Cho, Clara E.
   Norman, Mikael
TI Cesarean section and development of the immune system in the offspring
SO AMERICAN JOURNAL OF OBSTETRICS AND GYNECOLOGY
AB This review examines the relation between the mode of delivery and
   development of the immune system in the offspring. Recent
   epidemiological studies provide evidence that elective cesarean section
   (CS) is associated with aberrant short-term immune responses in the
   newborn infant, and a greater risk of developing immune diseases such as
   asthma, allergies, type 1 diabetes, and celiac disease. However, it is
   still unknown whether CS causes a long-term effect on the immune system
   of the offspring that contributes to compromised immune health. With the
   dramatic increase in the rate of CS today, a greater emphasis should be
   placed on the discussion among both professionals and childbearing women
   on potential consequences of CS on the health of the offspring.
SN 0002-9378
PD APR
PY 2013
VL 208
IS 4
BP 249
EP 254
UT CCC:000316863300007
ER

PT J
AU Cho, H
   Proll, SC
   Szretter, KJ
   Katze, MG
   Gale, M
   Diamond, MS
AF Cho, Hyelim
   Proll, Sean C.
   Szretter, Kristy J.
   Katze, Michael G.
   Gale, Michael, Jr.
   Diamond, Michael S.
TI Differential innate immune response programs in neuronal subtypes
   determine susceptibility to infection in the brain by positive-stranded
   RNA viruses
SO NATURE MEDICINE
AB Although susceptibility of neurons in the brain to microbial infection
   is a major determinant of clinical outcome, little is known about the
   molecular factors governing this vulnerability. Here we show that two
   types of neurons from distinct brain regions showed differential
   permissivity to replication of several positive-stranded RNA viruses.
   Granule cell neurons of the cerebellum and cortical neurons from the
   cerebral cortex have unique innate immune programs that confer
   differential susceptibility to viral infection ex vivo and in vivo. By
   transducing cortical neurons with genes that were expressed more highly
   in granule cell neurons, we identified three interferon-stimulated genes
   (ISGs; Ifi27, Irg1 and Rsad2 (also known as Viperin)) that mediated the
   antiviral effects against different neurotropic viruses. Moreover, we
   found that the epigenetic state and microRNA (miRNA)-mediated regulation
   of ISGs correlates with enhanced antiviral response in granule cell
   neurons. Thus, neurons from evolutionarily distinct brain regions have
   unique innate immune signatures, which probably contribute to their
   relative permissiveness to infection.
SN 1078-8956
PD APR
PY 2013
VL 19
IS 4
BP 458
EP NIL_115
UT CCC:000317109100031
ER

PT J
AU Duncan, TM
   Reed, MC
   Nijhout, HF
AF Duncan, Tanya M.
   Reed, Michael C.
   Nijhout, H. Frederik
TI The relationship between intracellular and plasma levels of folate and
   metabolites in the methionine cycle: A model
SO MOLECULAR NUTRITION & FOOD RESEARCH
AB Scope Folate status and the status of the methionine cycle are typically
   assessed by measuring folate and metabolites in the plasma. It is
   assumed that plasma metabolite levels are proportional to their levels
   in tissues, but there is little information to support this assumption.
   Methods and results We developed a mathematical model, based on known
   kinetics of the methionine cycle in the liver and tissues, and the
   transport kinetics of metabolites into and out of the plasma. We use the
   model to explore the relationship between folate status and metabolite
   values in the plasma, the relationships between metabolite values and
   methylation capacity, the response to a methionine load, and the
   half-life of folate in plasma and tissues. We also use the model to
   study the effects of Down syndrome and oxidative stress on metabolite
   values in plasma and tissues. The model accurately reproduces measured
   metabolite values pre- and post-folate fortification. The model shows
   that a high acute intake of folate remains largely restricted to the
   plasma and is rapidly excreted; only a prolonged exposure to increased
   folate elevates tissue folate significantly. Conclusion The model
   accurately reproduces experimental and clinical findings and can serve
   as a platform to study, in silico, the relationships between metabolite
   values in tissues and plasma, and how these vary with methionine and B
   vitamin input, and with mutations in the genes for enzymes in the
   methionine cycle.
SN 1613-4125
PD APR
PY 2013
VL 57
IS 4
SI SI
BP 628
EP 636
UT CCC:000317138200006
ER

PT J
AU Flowers, S
   Xu, FH
   Moran, E
AF Flowers, Stephen
   Xu, Fuhua
   Moran, Elizabeth
TI Cooperative Activation of Tissue-Specific Genes by pRB and E2F1
SO CANCER RESEARCH
AB The retinoblastoma tumor suppressor protein pRB is conventionally
   regarded as an inhibitor of the E2F family of transcription factors.
   Conversely, pRB is also recognized as an activator of tissue-specific
   gene expression along various lineages including osteoblastogenesis.
   During osteoblast differentiation, pRB directly targets Alpl and Bglap,
   which encode the major markers of osteogenesis alkaline phosphatase and
   osteocalcin. Surprisingly, p130 and repressor E2Fs were recently found
   to cooccupy and repress Alpl and Bglap in proliferating osteoblast
   precursors before differentiation. This raises the further question of
   whether these genes convert to E2F activation targets when
   differentiation begins, which would constitute a remarkable situation
   wherein pRB and E2F would be cotargeting genes for activation. Chromatin
   immunoprecipitation analysis in an osteoblast differentiation model
   shows that Alpl and Bglap are indeed targeted by an activator E2F, i.e.,
   is E2F1. Promoter occupation of Alpl and Bglap by E2F1 occurs
   specifically during activation, and depletion of E2F1 severely impairs
   their induction. Mechanistically, promoter occupation by E2F1 and pRB is
   mutually dependent, and without this cooperative effect, activation
   steps previously shown to be dependent on pRB, including recruitment of
   RNA polymerase II, are impaired. Myocyte-and adipocyte-specific genes
   are also cotargeted by E2F1 and pRB during differentiation along their
   respective lineages. The finding that pRB and E2F1 cooperate to activate
   expression of tissue-specific genes is a paradigm distinct from the
   classical concept of pRB as an inhibitor of E2F1, but is consistent with
   the observed roles of these proteins in physiological models. Cancer
   Res; 73(7); 2150-8. (C)2012 AACR.
SN 0008-5472
PD APR
PY 2013
VL 73
IS 7
BP 2150
EP 2158
UT CCC:000316995600013
ER

PT J
AU Fonseca, TL
   Correa-Medina, M
   Campos, MPO
   Wittmann, G
   Werneck-de-Castro, JP
   Drigo, RAE
   Mora-Garzon, M
   Ueta, CB
   Caicedo, A
   Fekete, C
   Gereben, B
   Lechan, RM
   Bianco, AC
AF Fonseca, Tatiana L.
   Correa-Medina, Mayrin
   Campos, Maira P. O.
   Wittmann, Gabor
   Werneck-de-Castro, Joao P.
   Arrojo e Drigo, Rafael
   Mora-Garzon, Magda
   Ueta, Cintia Bagne
   Caicedo, Alejandro
   Fekete, Csaba
   Gereben, Balazs
   Lechan, Ronald M.
   Bianco, Antonio C.
TI Coordination of hypothalamic and pituitary T3 production regulates TSH
   expression
SO JOURNAL OF CLINICAL INVESTIGATION
AB Type II deiodinase (D2) activates thyroid hormone by converting
   thyroxine (T4) to 3,5,3'-triiodothyronine (T3). This allows plasma T4 to
   signal a negative feedback loop that inhibits production of
   thyrotropin-releasing hormone (TRH) in the mediobasal hypothalamus (MBH)
   and thyroid-stimulating hormone (TSH) in the pituitary. To determine the
   relative contributions of these D2 pathways in the feedback loop, we
   developed 2 mouse strains with pituitary- and astrocyte-specific D2
   knockdown (pit-D2 KO and astro-D2 KO mice, respectively). The pit-D2 KO
   mice had normal serum T3 and were systemically euthyroid, but exhibited
   an approximately 3-fold elevation in serum TSH levels and a 40%
   reduction in biological activity. This was the result of elevated serum
   T4 that increased D2-mediated T3 production in the MBH, thus decreasing
   Trh mRNA. That tanycytes, not astrocytes, are the cells within the MBH
   that mediate T4-to-T3 conversion was defined by studies using the
   astro-D2 KO mice. Despite near-complete loss of brain D2, tanycyte D2
   was preserved in astro-D2 KO mice at levels that were sufficient to
   maintain both the T4-dependent negative feedback loop and thyroid
   economy. Taken together, these data demonstrated that the
   hypothalamic-thyroid axis is wired to maintain normal plasma T3 levels,
   which is achieved through coordination of T4-to-T3 conversion between
   thyrotrophs and tanycytes.
SN 0021-9738
PD APR
PY 2013
VL 123
IS 4
BP 1492
EP 1500
UT CCC:000317021800013
ER

PT J
AU Frau, R
   Pillolla, G
   Bini, V
   Tambaro, S
   Devoto, P
   Bortolato, M
AF Frau, Roberto
   Pillolla, Giuliano
   Bini, Valentina
   Tambaro, Simone
   Devoto, Paola
   Bortolato, Marco
TI Inhibition of 5 alpha-reductase attenuates behavioral effects of D-1-,
   but not D-2-like receptor agonists in C57BL/6 mice
SO PSYCHONEUROENDOCRINOLOGY
AB Converging lines of evidence point to the involvement of neurosteroids
   in the regulation of dopamine (DA) neurotransmission and signaling, yet
   the neurobiological bases of this link remain poorly understood. We
   previously showed that inhibition of steroid 5 alpha-reductase (5 alpha
   R), the key rate-limiting enzyme in neurosteroidogenesis, attenuates the
   behavioral effects of non-selective DA receptor agonists in rats,
   including stereotyped responses and sensorimotor gating deficits, as
   measured by the prepulse inhibition (PPI) of the acoustic startle
   reflex. Since previous findings suggested that the role of DA D-1- and
   D-2-like receptor families in behavioral regulation may exhibit broad
   interspecies and interstrain variations, we assessed the impact of 5
   alpha R blockade on the behavioral effects of DAergic agonists in
   C57BL/6 mice. The prototypical 5 alpha R inhibitor finasteride (FIN;
   25-50 mg/kg, intraperitoneally, IP) dose-dependently countered the PPI
   deficits and the enhancement of rearing responses induced by the full
   D-1-like receptor agonist SKF-82958 (0.3 mg/kg, IP); however, FIN did
   not significantly affect the hyperlocomotive and startle-attenuating
   effects of SKF-82958. Whereas the D-2-like receptor agonist quinpirole
   (QUIN; 0.5 mg/kg, IP) did not induce significant changes in PPI, the
   combination of this agent and FIN surprisingly produced marked gating
   and startle deficits. In contrast with previous data on rats, FIN did
   not affect the reductions of startle reflex and PPI produced by the
   non-selective DAergic agonist apomorphine (APO; 0.5 mg/kg, IP). These
   findings collectively indicate that, in C57BL/6 mice, 5 alpha R
   differentially modulates the effects of D-1- and D-2-like receptor
   agonists in behavioral regulation. (c) 2012 Elsevier Ltd. All rights
   reserved.
SN 0306-4530
PD APR
PY 2013
VL 38
IS 4
BP 542
EP 551
UT CCC:000317156400008
ER

PT J
AU Gamble, MJ
AF Gamble, Matthew J.
TI Expanding the functional repertoire of macrodomains
SO NATURE STRUCTURAL & MOLECULAR BIOLOGY
AB Macrodomains are conserved globular domains that can interact with, and
   in some cases modify, ADP-ribose-based molecules. In this issue, two
   reports add to the functional repertoire of this domain, by
   demonstrating that a subset of macrodomain-containing proteins functions
   to catalyze the removal of protein-proximal ADP-ribose.
SN 1545-9993
PD APR
PY 2013
VL 20
IS 4
BP 407
EP 408
UT CCC:000317044400002
ER

PT J
AU Gomez, R
   Spampinato, CP
AF Gomez, Rodrigo
   Spampinato, Claudia P.
TI Mismatch recognition function of Arabidopsis thaliana MutS gamma
SO DNA REPAIR
AB Genetic stability depends in part on an efficient DNA lesion recognition
   and correction by the DNA mismatch repair (MMR) system. In eukaryotes,
   MMR is initiated by the binding of heterodimeric MutS homologue (MSH)
   complexes, MSH2-MSH6 and MSH2-MSH3, which recognize and bind mismatches
   and unpaired nucleotides. Plants encode another mismatch recognition
   protein, named MSH7. MSH7 forms a heterodimer with MSH2 and the protein
   complex is designated MutS gamma. We here report the effect the
   expression of Arabidopsis MSH2 and MSH7 alone or in combination exert on
   the genomic stability of Saccharomyces cerevisiae. AtMSH2 and AtMutS
   gamma proteins failed to complement the hypermutator phenotype of an
   msh2 deficient strain. However, overexpressing AtMutS gamma in MMR
   proficient strains generated a 4-fold increase in CAN1 forward mutation
   rate, when compared to wild-type strains. Can(r) mutation spectrum
   analysis of AtMutS gamma overproducing strains revealed a substantial
   increase in the frequency of base substitution mutations, including an
   increased accumulation of base pair changes from G:C to A:T and T:A to
   C:G, G:C or A:T. Taken together, these results suggest that AtMutS gamma
   affects yeast genomic stability by recognizing specific mismatches and
   preventing correction by yeast MutS alpha and MutS beta, with subsequent
   inability to interact with yeast downstream proteins needed to complete
   MMR. (C) 2013 Elsevier B.V. All rights reserved.
SN 1568-7864
PD APR
PY 2013
VL 12
IS 4
BP 257
EP 264
UT CCC:000317155600001
ER

PT J
AU Gross, JA
   Fiori, LM
   Labonte, B
   Lopez, JP
   Turecki, G
AF Gross, Jeffrey A.
   Fiori, Laura M.
   Labonte, Benoit
   Lopez, Juan Pablo
   Turecki, Gustavo
TI Effects of promoter methylation on increased expression of polyamine
   biosynthetic genes in suicide
SO JOURNAL OF PSYCHIATRIC RESEARCH
AB Suicide is among the leading causes of death worldwide. The polyamine
   system has been increasingly implicated in the neurobiology of suicide.
   Previous research has indicated that epigenetic mechanisms play a role
   in explaining dysregulation of polyamine genes in suicide completers.
   Nevertheless, regulatory mechanisms explaining polyamine biosynthetic
   genes displaying dysregulated expression in suicide completers,
   including ornithine decarboxylase antizymes I and 2 (OAZ1 and OAZ2),
   S-adenosylmethionine decarboxylase (AMD1), and arginase 2 (ARG2), have
   yet to be elucidated. In this study, we investigated methylation
   patterns in the promoter region of OAZ1, OAZ2, AMD1, and ARG2 in
   Brodmann area 44 from a group of 33 suicide completers and 31
   non-suicide controls. We found significant site-specific differences in
   methylation in the promoter of ARG2 and AMD1 that were also
   significantly negatively correlated with gene expression. These findings
   provide further support for a role for the involvement of epigenetic
   modifications in the regulation of genes associated with polyamine
   biosynthesis, and which may contribute to the complexity of suicidal
   behaviors. (C) 2012 Elsevier Ltd. All rights reserved.
SN 0022-3956
PD APR
PY 2013
VL 47
IS 4
BP 513
EP 519
UT CCC:000317027700012
ER

PT J
AU Hernandez-Ochoa, I
   Gao, LY
   Peretz, J
   Basavarajappa, MS
   Bunting, SL
   Karman, BN
   Paulose, T
   Flaws, JA
AF Hernandez-Ochoa, Isabel
   Gao, Liying
   Peretz, Jackye
   Basavarajappa, Mallikarjuna S.
   Bunting, Stacey L.
   Karman, Bethany N.
   Paulose, Tessie
   Flaws, Jodi A.
TI Follicle-stimulating hormone responsiveness in antral follicles from
   aryl hydrocarbon receptor knockout mice
SO REPRODUCTIVE BIOLOGY AND ENDOCRINOLOGY
AB Background: Previous studies have demonstrated that pre-pubertal aryl
   hydrocarbon receptor knockout (AHRKO) mice have slow antral follicle
   growth and reduced capacity to produce estradiol compared to wild-type
   (WT) mice. Although previous studies have suggested that this is likely
   due to a reduced ability of the AHRKO follicles to respond to
   follicle-stimulating hormone (FSH), this possibility was not directly
   tested. Thus, the goal of these studies was to test the hypothesis that
   low FSH responsiveness is responsible for the slow growth and reduced
   estradiol production observed in pre-pubertal AHRKO versus WT antral
   follicles.
   Methods: Antral follicles from WT and AHRKO mice were cultured with
   varying amounts of FSH (0-15 IU/mL) for up to 7 days, and subjected to
   measurements of growth, FSH receptor and steroidogenic regulator
   expression, sex steroid hormone levels, and inhibin beta-A expression.
   General linear models (GLM) for repeated measures were used to compare
   follicle diameters over time among treatments. If the global tests from
   GLM were significant, Tukey's tests were used for pairwise comparisons.
   Remaining comparisons among groups were performed using one-way analysis
   of variance followed by Tukey's post hoc test.
   Results: The results indicate that FSH stimulated growth in both WT and
   AHRKO follicles, but that high levels of FSH (10-15 IU/mL) were required
   for AHRKO follicles to reach maximal growth, whereas lower levels of FSH
   (5 IU/mL) were required for WT follicles to reach maximal growth.
   Further, FSH stimulated expression of FSH receptor, steroidogenic
   factors, and inhibin beta-A as well as production of steroid hormones in
   both WT and AHRKO follicles, but the degree of stimulation differed
   between WT and AHRKO follicles. Interestingly, FSH treatment increased
   expression of FSH receptor, some steroidogenic regulators, inhibin
   beta-A, and steroid hormone production more in AHRKO follicles compared
   to WT follicles.
   Conclusions: Collectively, these data suggest that the slow growth, but
   not reduced steroidogenesis in AHRKO follicles, is due to their reduced
   ability to respond to FSH compared to WT follicles. These data also
   suggest that the AHR may contribute to the ability of FSH to stimulate
   proper follicle growth, but it may not contribute to FSH-induced
   steroidogenesis.
SN 1477-7827
PD APR
PY 2013
VL 11
BP 26
EP 26
UT CCC:000317355900001
ER

PT J
AU Hussain, S
   Tuorto, F
   Menon, S
   Blanco, S
   Cox, C
   Flores, JV
   Watt, S
   Kudo, NR
   Lyko, F
   Frye, M
AF Hussain, Shobbir
   Tuorto, Francesca
   Menon, Suraj
   Blanco, Sandra
   Cox, Claire
   Flores, Joana V.
   Watt, Stephen
   Kudo, Nobuaki R.
   Lyko, Frank
   Frye, Michaela
TI The Mouse Cytosine-5 RNA Methyltransferase NSun2 Is a Component of the
   Chromatoid Body and Required for Testis Differentiation
SO MOLECULAR AND CELLULAR BIOLOGY
AB Posttranscriptional regulatory mechanisms are crucial for protein
   synthesis during spermatogenesis and are often organized by the
   chromatoid body. Here, we identify the RNA methyltransferase NSun2 as a
   novel component of the chromatoid body and, further, show that NSun2 is
   essential for germ cell differentiation in the mouse testis. In
   NSun2-depleted testes, genes encoding Ddx4, Miwi, and Tudor
   domain-containing (Tdr) proteins are repressed, indicating that
   RNA-processing and posttranscriptional pathways are impaired. Loss of
   NSun2 specifically blocked meiotic progression of germ cells into the
   pachytene stage, as spermatogonial and Sertoli cells were unaffected in
   knockout mice. We observed the same phenotype when we simultaneously
   deleted NSun2 and Dnmt2, the only other cytosine-5 RNA methyltransferase
   characterized to date, indicating that Dnmt2 was not functionally
   redundant with NSun2 in spermatogonial stem cells or Sertoli cells.
   Specific NSun2- and Dnmt2-methylated tRNAs decreased in abundance when
   both methyltransferases were deleted, suggesting that RNA methylation
   pathways play an essential role in male germ cell differentiation.
SN 0270-7306
PD APR
PY 2013
VL 33
IS 8
BP 1561
EP 1570
UT CCC:000317272500007
ER

PT J
AU Hwang, SH
   Wecksler, AT
   Wagner, K
   Hammock, BD
AF Hwang, S. H.
   Wecksler, A. T.
   Wagner, K.
   Hammock, B. D.
TI Rationally Designed Multitarget Agents Against Inflammation and Pain
SO CURRENT MEDICINAL CHEMISTRY
AB Arachidonic acid (ARA) undergoes enzyme-mediated oxidative metabolism,
   resulting in the formation of a number of biologically active
   metabolites. For over a century, these biochemical transformations have
   been the target of numerous pharmacological drugs for inflammation and
   pain. In particular, non-steroidal anti-inflammatory drugs (NSAIDs) and
   cyclooxygenase-2 (COX-2) selective inhibitors (coxibs) are widely used
   in the treatment of inflammation and pain. However, gastrointestinal
   (GI) and cardiovascular adverse effects of NSAIDs and coxibs, and recent
   findings demonstrating that there are significant risks from the
   disruption of oxylipin levels when pharmacologically inhibiting a single
   ARA cascade metabolic pathway, have led to studies involving the
   simultaneous inhibition of multiple pathways in ARA cascade. These
   studies suggest that multitarget inhibition represents a new and
   valuable option to enhance efficacy or reduce side-effects in the
   treatment of inflammation and pain. This review focuses on the crosstalk
   within the three pathways of the ARA cascade (cyclooxygenase (COX),
   lipoxygenase (LOX), and cytochrome P450 (CYP450)), and summarizes the
   current and future approaches of multitarget inhibitors for the
   treatment of eicosanoid driven inflammation and pain.
SN 0929-8673
PD APR
PY 2013
VL 20
IS 13
BP 1783
EP 1799
UT CCC:000316854600013
ER

PT J
AU Jacobsen, KR
   Fauerby, N
   Raida, Z
   Kalliokoski, O
   Hau, J
   Johansen, FF
   Abelson, KSP
AF Jacobsen, Kirsten R.
   Fauerby, Natasha
   Raida, Zindy
   Kalliokoski, Otto
   Hau, Jann
   Johansen, Flemming F.
   Abelson, Klas S. P.
TI Effects of Buprenorphine and Meloxicam Analgesia on Induced Cerebral
   Ischemia in C57BL/6 Male Mice
SO COMPARATIVE MEDICINE
AB Laboratory mice constitute an extensively used model to study the
   pathologic and functional outcomes of cerebral ischemic stroke. The
   middle cerebral artery occlusion (MCAO) model requires surgical
   intervention, which potentially can result in post-surgical pain and
   stress. In the present study, we investigated whether buprenorphine and
   meloxicam, at clinically relevant doses provided pain relief without
   altering infarct volume in male C57BL16 mice. Common known side-effects
   of buprenorphine, including decreased food consumption, were noted after
   surgery in buprenorphine-treated mice, but these effects were brief and
   seen only during the treatment period. Fecal corticosterone metabolites
   did not differ significantly between the groups. In the present study,
   buprenorphine treatment did not alter infarction volume when compared
   with that of mice that did not receive analgesia. In contrast, meloxicam
   treatment significantly reduced infarct volume and may be a confounder
   if used as an analgesic during MCAO surgery. Furthermore, investigation
   of behavioral profiles by using an automated behavioral scoring system
   showed that rearing and sniffing behaviors decreased as infarct volume
   increased. This suggests that studies of exploratory behavior may aid in
   developing new markers of short-term stroke-related behavioral
   deficiencies in laboratory mice.
SN 1532-0820
PD APR
PY 2013
VL 63
IS 2
BP 105
EP 113
UT CCC:000317320600002
ER

PT J
AU Jegu, T
   Latrasse, D
   Delarue, M
   Mazubert, C
   Bourge, M
   Hudik, E
   Blanchet, S
   Soler, MN
   Charon, C
   De Veylder, L
   Raynaud, C
   Bergounioux, C
   Benhamed, M
AF Jegu, Teddy
   Latrasse, David
   Delarue, Marianne
   Mazubert, Christelle
   Bourge, Mickael
   Hudik, Elodie
   Blanchet, Sophie
   Soler, Marie-Noelle
   Charon, Celine
   De Veylder, Lieven
   Raynaud, Cecile
   Bergounioux, Catherine
   Benhamed, Moussa
TI Multiple Functions of Kip-Related Protein5 Connect Endoreduplication and
   Cell Elongation
SO PLANT PHYSIOLOGY
AB Despite considerable progress in our knowledge regarding the cell cycle
   inhibitor of the Kip-related protein (KRP) family in plants, less is
   known about the coordination of endoreduplication and cell
   differentiation. In animals, the role of cyclin-dependent kinase (CDK)
   inhibitors as multifunctional factors coordinating cell cycle regulation
   and cell differentiation is well documented and involves not only the
   inhibition of CDK/cyclin complexes but also other mechanisms, among them
   the regulation of transcription. Interestingly, several plant KRPs have
   a punctuated distribution in the nucleus, suggesting that they are
   associated with heterochromatin. Here, one of these chromatin-bound
   KRPs, KRP5, has been studied in Arabidopsis (Arabidopsis thaliana). KRP5
   is expressed in endoreduplicating cells, and loss of KRP5 function
   decreases endoreduplication, indicating that KRP5 is a positive
   regulator of endoreduplication. This regulation relies on several
   mechanisms: in addition to its role in cyclin/CDK kinase inhibition
   previously described, chromatin immunoprecipitation sequencing data
   combined with transcript quantification provide evidence that KRP5
   regulates the transcription of genes involved in cell wall organization.
   Furthermore, KRP5 overexpression increases chromocenter decondensation
   and endoreduplication in the Arabidopsis trithorax-related protein5
   (atxr5) atxr6 double mutant, which is deficient for the deposition of
   heterochromatin marks. Hence, KRP5 could bind chromatin to coordinately
   control endoreduplication and chromatin structure and allow the
   expression of genes required for cell elongation.
SN 0032-0889
PD APR
PY 2013
VL 161
IS 4
BP 1694
EP 1705
UT CCC:000316987900010
ER

PT J
AU Jeltsch, A
AF Jeltsch, Albert
TI Oxygen, epigenetic signaling, and the evolution of early life
SO TRENDS IN BIOCHEMICAL SCIENCES
AB After approximately 3 billion years of unicellular life on Earth,
   multicellular animals appeared some 600 million years ago, followed by
   the rapid emergence of most animal phyla during the Cambrian radiation.
   This evolutionary jump was paralleled by an increase in atmospheric
   oxygen, which I propose allowed the generation of epigenetic signaling
   systems that are essential for cellular differentiation in animals.
   Epigenetic signaling is based on the reversible deposition of chemically
   stable marks in DNA and histone proteins, with methylation of cytosine
   and lysine residues, respectively, playing a central role. Recent
   evidence indicates that the removal of such methyl groups critically
   depends on oxygenases. Hence, reversible epigenetic systems could only
   appear after accumulation of oxygen in the atmosphere.
SN 0968-0004
PD APR
PY 2013
VL 38
IS 4
BP 172
EP 176
UT CCC:000317315700003
ER

PT J
AU Jiang, WK
   Liu, YL
   Xia, EH
   Gao, LZ
AF Jiang, Wen-kai
   Liu, Yun-long
   Xia, En-hua
   Gao, Li-zhi
TI Prevalent Role of Gene Features in Determining Evolutionary Fates of
   Whole-Genome Duplication Duplicated Genes in Flowering Plants
SO PLANT PHYSIOLOGY
AB The evolution of genes and genomes after polyploidization has been the
   subject of extensive studies in evolutionary biology and plant sciences.
   While a significant number of duplicated genes are rapidly removed
   during a process called fractionation, which operates after the
   whole-genome duplication (WGD), another considerable number of genes are
   retained preferentially, leading to the phenomenon of biased gene
   retention. However, the evolutionary mechanisms underlying gene
   retention after WGD remain largely unknown. Through genome-wide analyses
   of sequence and functional data, we comprehensively investigated the
   relationships between gene features and the retention probability of
   duplicated genes after WGDs in six plant genomes, Arabidopsis
   (Arabidopsis thaliana), poplar (Populus trichocarpa), soybean (Glycine
   max), rice (Oryza sativa), sorghum (Sorghum bicolor), and maize (Zea
   mays). The results showed that multiple gene features were correlated
   with the probability of gene retention. Using a logistic regression
   model based on principal component analysis, we resolved evolutionary
   rate, structural complexity, and GC3 content as the three major
   contributors to gene retention. Cluster analysis of these features
   further classified retained genes into three distinct groups in terms of
   gene features and evolutionary behaviors. Type I genes are more prone to
   be selected by dosage balance; type II genes are possibly subject to
   subfunctionalization; and type III genes may serve as potential targets
   for neofunctionalization. This study highlights that gene features are
   able to act jointly as primary forces when determining the retention and
   evolution of WGD-derived duplicated genes in flowering plants. These
   findings thus may help to provide a resolution to the debate on
   different evolutionary models of gene fates after WGDs.
SN 0032-0889
PD APR
PY 2013
VL 161
IS 4
BP 1844
EP 1861
UT CCC:000316987900021
ER

PT J
AU Johnsson, P
   Ackley, A
   Vidarsdottir, L
   Lui, WO
   Corcoran, M
   Grander, D
   Morris, KV
AF Johnsson, Per
   Ackley, Amanda
   Vidarsdottir, Linda
   Lui, Weng-Onn
   Corcoran, Martin
   Grander, Dan
   Morris, Kevin V.
TI A pseudogene long-noncoding-RNA network regulates PTEN transcription and
   translation in human cells
SO NATURE STRUCTURAL & MOLECULAR BIOLOGY
AB PTEN is a tumor-suppressor gene that has been shown to be under the
   regulatory control of a PTEN pseudogene expressed noncoding RNA,
   PTENpg1. Here, we characterize a previously unidentified PTENpg1-encoded
   antisense RNA (asRNA), which regulates PTEN transcription and PTEN mRNA
   stability. We find two PTENpg1 asRNA isoforms, alpha and beta. The alpha
   isoform functions in trans, localizes to the PTEN promoter and
   epigenetically modulates PTEN transcription by the recruitment of DNA
   methyltransferase 3a and Enhancer of Zeste. In contrast, the beta
   isoform interacts with PTENpg1 through an RNA-RNA pairing interaction,
   which affects PTEN protein output through changes of PTENpg1 stability
   and microRNA sponge activity. Disruption of this asRNA-regulated network
   induces cell-cycle arrest and sensitizes cells to doxorubicin, which
   suggests a biological function for the respective PTENpg1 expressed
   asRNAs.
SN 1545-9993
PD APR
PY 2013
VL 20
IS 4
BP 440
EP +
UT CCC:000317044400009
ER

PT J
AU Kantama, L
   Junbuathong, S
   Sakulkoo, J
   de Jong, H
   Apisitwanich, S
AF Kantama, Laksana
   Junbuathong, Supaporn
   Sakulkoo, Janejira
   de Jong, Hans
   Apisitwanich, Somsak
TI Epigenetic changes and transposon reactivation in Thai rice hybrids
SO MOLECULAR BREEDING
AB Inter- or intraspecific hybridization is the first step in transferring
   exogenous traits to the germplasm of a recipient crop. One of the
   complicating factors is the occurrence of epigenetic modifications of
   the hybrids, which in turn can change their gene expression and
   phenotype. In this study we present an analysis of epigenome changes in
   rice hybrids that were obtained by crossing rice cultivars, most of them
   of indica type and Thai origin. Comparing amplified fragment length
   polymorphism (AFLP) fingerprints of twenty-four cultivars, we calculated
   Nei's indexes for measuring genetic relationships. Epigenetic changes in
   their hybrids were established using methylation-sensitive AFLP
   fingerprinting and transposon display of the rice transposable elements
   (TEs) Stowaway Os-1 and Mashu, leading to the question whether the
   relationship between parental genomes is a predictor of epigenome
   changes, TE reactivation and changes in TE methylation. Our study now
   reveals that the genetic relationship between the parents and DNA
   methylation changes in their hybrids is not significantly correlated.
   Moreover, genetic distance correlates only weakly with Mashu
   reactivation, whereas it does not correlate with Stowaway Os-1
   reactivation. Our observations also suggest that epigenome changes in
   the hybrids are localized events affecting specific chromosomal regions
   and transposons rather than affecting the genomic methylation landscape
   as a whole. The weak correlation between genetic distance and Mashu
   methylation and reactivation points at only limited influence of genetic
   background on the epigenetic status of the transposon. Our study further
   demonstrates that hybridizations between and among specific japonica and
   indica cultivars induce both genomic DNA methylation and
   reactivation/methylation change in the Stowaway Os-1 and Mashu
   transposons. The observed epigenetic changes seem to affect the
   transposons in a clear manner, partly driven by stochastic processes,
   which may account for a broader phenotypic plasticity of the hybrids. A
   better understanding of the epigenome changes leading to such transposon
   activation can lead to the development of novel tools for more
   variability in future rice breeding.
SN 1380-3743
PD APR
PY 2013
VL 31
IS 4
BP 815
EP 827
UT CCC:000317080800007
ER

PT J
AU Kapoor, P
   Chen, MM
   Winkler, DD
   Luger, K
   Shen, XT
AF Kapoor, Prabodh
   Chen, Mingming
   Winkler, Duane David
   Luger, Karolin
   Shen, Xuetong
TI Evidence for monomeric actin function in INO80 chromatin remodeling
SO NATURE STRUCTURAL & MOLECULAR BIOLOGY
AB Actin has well-established functions in the cytoplasm, but its roles in
   the nucleus remain poorly defined. Here, by studying the nuclear
   actin-containing yeast INO80 chromatin remodeling complex, we provide
   genetic and biochemical evidence for a role of monomeric actin in INO80
   chromatin remodeling. We demonstrate that, in contrast to cytoplasmic
   actin, nuclear actin is present as a monomer in the INO80 complex, and
   its barbed end is not accessible for polymerization. We identify an
   actin mutation in subdomain 2 affecting in vivo nuclear functions and
   reducing the chromatin remodeling activity of the INO80 complex in
   vitro. Notably, the highly conserved subdomain 2 at the pointed end of
   actin contributes to the interaction of INO80 with chromatin. Our
   results establish an evolutionarily conserved function of nuclear actin
   in its monomeric form and suggest that nuclear actin can utilize a
   fundamentally distinct mechanism from that of cytoplasmic actin.
SN 1545-9993
PD APR
PY 2013
VL 20
IS 4
BP 426
EP +
UT CCC:000317044400007
ER

PT J
AU Khanday, I
   Yadav, SR
   Vijayraghavan, U
AF Khanday, Imtiyaz
   Yadav, Shri Ram
   Vijayraghavan, Usha
TI Rice LHS1/OsMADS1 Controls Floret Meristem Specification by Coordinated
   Regulation of Transcription Factors and Hormone Signaling Pathways
SO PLANT PHYSIOLOGY
AB SEPALLATA (SEP) MADS box transcription factors mediate floral
   development in association with other regulators. Mutants in five rice
   (Oryza sativa) SEP genes suggest both redundant and unique functions in
   panicle branching and floret development. LEAFY HULL STERILE1/OsMADS1,
   from a grass-specific subgroup of LOFSEP genes, is required for
   specifying a single floret on the spikelet meristem and for floret organ
   development, but its downstream mechanisms are unknown. Here, key
   pathways and directly modulated targets of OsMADS1 were deduced from
   expression analysis after its knockdown and induction in developing
   florets and by studying its chromatin occupancy at downstream genes. The
   negative regulation of OsMADS34, another LOFSEP gene, and activation of
   OsMADS55, a SHORT VEGETATIVE PHASE-like floret meristem identity gene,
   show its role in facilitating the spikelet-to-floret meristem
   transition. Direct regulation of other transcription factor genes like
   OsHB4 (a class III homeodomain Leu zipper member), OsBLH1 (a BEL1-like
   homeodomain member), OsKANADI2, OsKANADI4, and OsETTIN2 show its role in
   meristem maintenance, determinacy, and lateral organ development. We
   found that the OsMADS1 targets OsETTIN1 and OsETTIN2 redundantly ensure
   carpel differentiation. The multiple effects of OsMADS1 in promoting
   auxin transport, signaling, and auxin-dependent expression and its
   direct repression of three cytokinin A-type response regulators show its
   role in balancing meristem growth, lateral organ differentiation, and
   determinacy. Overall, we show that OsMADS1 integrates transcriptional
   and signaling pathways to promote rice floret specification and
   development.
SN 0032-0889
PD APR
PY 2013
VL 161
IS 4
BP 1970
EP 1983
UT CCC:000316987900029
ER

PT J
AU Kim, HW
   Kim, KN
   Choi, YJ
   Chang, N
AF Kim, Hye Won
   Kim, Ki Nam
   Choi, Yun Jung
   Chang, Namsoo
TI Effects of paternal folate deficiency on the expression of insulin-like
   growth factor-2 and global DNA methylation in the fetal brain
SO MOLECULAR NUTRITION & FOOD RESEARCH
AB Scope We examined the effect of paternal folate deficiency on the folate
   content, the percentage of 5-methycytosine (percentage of 5-mC) in the
   total DNA, and the protein expression of insulin-like growth factor-2
   (IGF-2) in the fetal whole brain. Methods and results Rats were mated
   after males were fed a folic acid deficient (PD) or folic acid
   supplemented (PS) diet for 4 weeks, and fetuses were killed on day 20 of
   gestation. The folate content in the fetal liver was significantly lower
   in the PD group than in the PS group, whereas it did not differ in the
   fetal whole brain. The percentage of 5-mC and the protein expression of
   IGF-2 in the fetal whole brain were both lower in the PD group than in
   the PS group. There were positive correlations between paternal liver
   and testis folate content and the percentage of 5-mC and IGF-2
   expression in the fetal whole brain. Conclusion Our results on the
   folate content, the percentage of 5-mC, and IGF-2 expression in the
   fetal whole brain show that paternal folate deficiency at mating can
   influence fetal brain DNA methylation and IGF-2 expression despite an
   adequate maternal folate status during the gestational period.
SN 1613-4125
PD APR
PY 2013
VL 57
IS 4
SI SI
BP 671
EP 676
UT CCC:000317138200011
ER

PT J
AU Knapp, JS
   Lokeshwar, SD
   Vogel, U
   Hennenlotter, J
   Schwentner, C
   Kramer, MW
   Stenzl, A
   Merseburger, AS
AF Knapp, Judith S.
   Lokeshwar, Soum D.
   Vogel, Ulrich
   Hennenlotter, Joerg
   Schwentner, Christian
   Kramer, Mario W.
   Stenzl, Arnulf
   Merseburger, Axel S.
TI Galectin-3 expression in prostate cancer and benign prostate tissues:
   correlation with biochemical recurrence
SO WORLD JOURNAL OF UROLOGY
AB Galactin-3 is a cell adhesion molecule involved in tumor progression.
   Our aim was to examine Gal-3 expression in tumor, benign tissue adjacent
   to the tumor (adjacent-benign) and benign prostate specimens and
   correlated it with biochemical recurrence.
   Tissue microarrays were prepared from 83 tumor, 78 adjacent-benign and
   75 benign tissues obtained from 83 patients undergoing prostatectomy for
   clinically localized prostate cancer. Tissues were stained using a Gal-3
   antibody and immunohistochemistry. The staining was graded between 0 and
   300 depending upon staining intensity and the area of staining. In 37
   patients on whom there was follow-up (Mean: 57.8 months; Median: 68
   months), staining intensity was correlated with biochemical recurrence.
   Gal-3 showed both nuclear and cytoplasmic localization in benign,
   adjacent-benign and tumor tissues. Median Gal-3 staining scores
   significantly decreased from benign (192.5) to adjacent-benign (148.8 p
   = 0.007) and to tumor (108.8; p < 0.0001) tissues. In univariate
   analysis, age (p = 0.028), Gleason sum (p = 0.007), T stage (p = 0.011),
   seminal vesicle invasion (p = 0.009), pre-operative prostate-specific
   antigen (p = 0.045) and Gal-3 staining in tumor tissues (0.018)
   significantly correlated with biochemical recurrence. In multivariate
   analysis, Gal-3 expression in tumor (p = 0.04), adjacent-benign (p =
   0.037) and benign (p = 0.005) tissues significantly correlated with
   biochemical recurrence. Gal-3 staining in tumor tissues had 91.7 %
   sensitivity, 64 % specificity and 73 % accuracy in predicting
   biochemical recurrence.
   This is the first study that showed a decreasing gradient of Gal-3
   expression in benign, adjacent-benign and tumor tissues. Gal-3
   expression may be useful in predicting biochemical recurrence.
SN 0724-4983
PD APR
PY 2013
VL 31
IS 2
BP 351
EP 358
UT CCC:000317137400017
ER

PT J
AU Koh, A
   Lee, MN
   Yang, YR
   Jeong, H
   Ghim, J
   Noh, J
   Kim, J
   Ryu, D
   Park, S
   Song, P
   Koo, SH
   Leslie, NR
   Berggren, PO
   Choi, JH
   Suh, PG
   Ryu, SH
AF Koh, Ara
   Lee, Mi Nam
   Yang, Yong Ryoul
   Jeong, Heeyoon
   Ghim, Jaewang
   Noh, Jeongeun
   Kim, Jaeyoon
   Ryu, Dongryeol
   Park, Sehoon
   Song, Parkyong
   Koo, Seung-Hoi
   Leslie, Nick R.
   Berggren, Per-Olof
   Choi, Jang Hyun
   Suh, Pann-Ghill
   Ryu, Sung Ho
TI C1-Ten Is a Protein Tyrosine Phosphatase of Insulin Receptor Substrate 1
   (IRS-1), Regulating IRS-1 Stability and Muscle Atrophy
SO MOLECULAR AND CELLULAR BIOLOGY
AB Muscle atrophy occurs under various catabolic conditions, including
   insulin deficiency, insulin resistance, or increased levels of
   glucocorticoids. This results from reduced levels of insulin receptor
   substrate 1 (IRS-1), leading to decreased phosphatidylinositol 3-kinase
   activity and thereby activation of FoxO transcription factors. However,
   the precise mechanism of reduced IRS-1 under a catabolic condition is
   unknown. Here, we report that C1-Ten is a novel protein tyrosine
   phosphatase (PTPase) of IRS-1 that acts as a mediator to reduce IRS-1
   under a catabolic condition, resulting in muscle atrophy. C1-Ten
   preferentially dephosphorylated Y612 of IRS-1, which accelerated IRS-1
   degradation. These findings suggest a novel type of IRS-1 degradation
   mechanism which is dependent on C1-Ten and extends our understanding of
   the molecular mechanism of muscle atrophy under catabolic conditions.
   C1-Ten expression is increased by catabolic glucocorticoid and decreased
   by anabolic insulin. Reflecting these hormonal regulations, the muscle
   C1-Ten is upregulated in atrophy but downregulated in hypertrophy. This
   reveals a previously unidentified role of C1-Ten as a relevant PTPase
   contributing to skeletal muscle atrophy.
SN 0270-7306
PD APR
PY 2013
VL 33
IS 8
BP 1608
EP 1620
UT CCC:000317272500011
ER

PT J
AU Kracikova, M
   Akiri, G
   George, A
   Sachidanandam, R
   Aaronson, SA
AF Kracikova, M.
   Akiri, G.
   George, A.
   Sachidanandam, R.
   Aaronson, S. A.
TI A threshold mechanism mediates p53 cell fate decision between growth
   arrest and apoptosis
SO CELL DEATH AND DIFFERENTIATION
AB The p53 tumor suppressor responds to certain cellular stresses by
   inducing transcriptional programs that can lead to growth arrest or
   apoptosis. However, the molecular mechanisms responsible for choosing
   between these two cell fates are not well understood. Previous studies
   have suggested that p53 selectively activates proarrest target genes,
   due to the higher affinity of p53 for their promoters compared with
   proapoptotic genes. Here we show using microarray and chromatin
   immunoprecipitation that p53 binds to and transcriptionally activates
   both its proarrest and proapoptotic target genes proportionally to
   induced p53 expression levels. Further, we provide evidence that to
   trigger apoptosis, cells must overcome an apoptotic threshold, whose
   height is determined by expression levels of p53 and its targets, the
   duration of their expression and the cellular context. We demonstrate in
   multiple cells lines that below this threshold, expression levels of p53
   and its targets were sufficient to induce arrest but not apoptosis.
   Above this threshold, p53 and its targets triggered extensive apoptosis.
   Moreover, lowering this threshold with inhibitors of antiapoptotic Bcl-2
   family proteins sensitized cells to p53-induced apoptosis. These
   findings argue that agents that lower the apoptotic threshold should
   increase the efficacy of p53-mediated cancer therapy. Cell Death and
   Differentiation (2013) 20, 576-588; doi:10.1038/cdd.2012.155; published
   online 11 January 2013
SN 1350-9047
PD APR
PY 2013
VL 20
IS 4
BP 576
EP 588
UT CCC:000317264600006
ER

PT J
AU Kurth, I
   O'Donnell, M
AF Kurth, Isabel
   O'Donnell, Mike
TI New insights into replisome fluidity during chromosome replication
SO TRENDS IN BIOCHEMICAL SCIENCES
AB Several paradigm shifting advances have recently been made on the
   composition and function of the chromosomal DNA replication machinery.
   Replisomes appear to be more fluid and dynamic than ever imagined,
   enabling rapid and efficient bypass of roadblocks and template lesions
   while faithfully replicating chromosomal DNA. This fluidity is
   determined by many layers of regulation, which reach beyond the role of
   replisome components themselves. In fact, recent studies show that
   additional polymerases, post-transcriptional modifications, and
   chromatin structure are required for complete chromosome duplication.
   Many of these factors are involved with the more complex events that
   take place during lagging-strand synthesis. These, and other recent
   discoveries, are the focus of this review.
SN 0968-0004
PD APR
PY 2013
VL 38
IS 4
BP 195
EP 203
UT CCC:000317315700006
ER

PT J
AU Leclerc, D
   Cao, YH
   Deng, LY
   Mikael, LG
   Wu, Q
   Rozen, R
AF Leclerc, Daniel
   Cao, Yuanhang
   Deng, Liyuan
   Mikael, Leonie G.
   Wu, Qing
   Rozen, Rima
TI Differential gene expression and methylation in the retinoid/PPARA
   pathway and of tumor suppressors may modify intestinal tumorigenesis
   induced by low folate in mice
SO MOLECULAR NUTRITION & FOOD RESEARCH
AB Scope Inadequate folate intake increases risk for colorectal cancer. We
   previously showed that low-folate diets induced intestinal tumors in
   BALB/c mice, but not in C57BL/6 mice. We suggested that DNA damage,
   altered methylation, and reduced apoptosis could contribute to
   tumorigenesis in this model. Methods and results To identify genes
   involved in tumorigenesis, we compared gene expression profiles in
   preneoplastic intestine of BALB/c and C57BL/6 mice-fed low folate. We
   identified 74 upregulated and 90 downregulated genes in BALB/c compared
   to C57BL/6 mice. We validated decreased expression of Bcmo1 and
   increased expression of Aldh1a, which would be expected to upregulate
   the peroxisome proliferator-activated receptor alpha (PPARA) pathway,
   and confirmed the expected upregulation of several Ppara downstream
   genes. We verified, in BALB/c mice, reduced expression of Sprr2a, a gene
   that increases resistance to oxidative damage, and of two
   oncosuppressors (Bmp5 and Arntl). Low folate increased Ppara and Aldh1a1
   expression, and decreased Bcmo1, Sprr2a, and Bmp5 expression in BALB/c,
   compared to BALB/c on control diets. Bcmo1, Ppara, and Bmp5 showed
   differential DNA methylation related to strain, diet, and/or Mthfr
   genotype. Conclusion Disturbed regulation of the retinoid/PPARA pathway,
   which influences oxidative damage, and altered expression of tumor
   suppressors may contribute to intestinal tumorigenesis induced by
   low-folate intake.
SN 1613-4125
PD APR
PY 2013
VL 57
IS 4
SI SI
BP 686
EP 697
UT CCC:000317138200013
ER

PT J
AU Lee, JG
   Heur, M
AF Lee, Jeong Goo
   Heur, Martin
TI Interleukin-1 enhances cell migration through AP-1 and NF-B
   pathway-dependent FGF2 expression in human corneal endothelial cells
SO BIOLOGY OF THE CELL
AB Background information Interleukin (IL)-1 is a major pro-inflammatory
   cytokine that plays a crucial role in the regulation of inflammation and
   wound healing in the cornea. Elucidation of IL-1 signalling may help
   identify therapeutic targets for corneal wound healing; however,
   mechanisms such as cell migration, a component of IL-1-induced wound
   healing response in human corneal endothelial cells (CEC), have not been
   well characterised. Results Stimulation of human CEC with IL-1 activated
   expression of fibroblast growth factor 2 (FGF2) and resulted in enhanced
   cell migration. This, in turn, was abolished by treatment with either
   IL-1 receptor antagonist or SU-5402, a panfibroblast growth factor
   signalling inhibitor. Phosphatidyl inositol (PI) 3-kinase or IL
   receptor-associated kinase 1/4 antagonists demonstrated that IL
   receptor-associated kinase 1/4 activates PI 3-kinase, which in turn
   phosphorylates p38 and inhibitor B kinase /, leading to FGF2 expression
   through activation of activator protein 1 (AP-1) and nuclear factor
   kappa-light-chain enhancer of activated B cells (NF-B) in human CEC.
   Treatment of IL-1-stimulated human CEC with either AP-1 or NF-B
   antagonists decreased FGF2 expression and resulted in reduced
   IL-1-enhanced cell migration. Co-treatment of IL-1-stimulated human CEC
   with both inhibitors completely blocked FGF2 expression and
   IL-1-enhanced cell migration. Chromatin immunoprecipitation assays
   demonstrated that AP-1 and NF-B directly bind to the FGF2 promoter
   following IL-1 stimulation. Conclusions The results show that binding of
   IL-1 to its receptor in human CEC leads to parallel activation of AP-1
   and NF-B pathways, leading, in turn, to FGF2 expression and enhanced
   cell migration.
SN 0248-4900
PD APR
PY 2013
VL 105
IS 4
BP 175
EP 189
UT CCC:000317016200005
ER

PT J
AU Lee, SH
   Min, KW
   Zhang, XB
   Baek, SJ
AF Lee, Seong-Ho
   Min, Kyung-Won
   Zhang, Xiaobo
   Baek, Seung Joon
TI 3,3 '-Diindolylmethane induces activating transcription factor 3 (ATF3)
   via ATF4 in human colorectal cancer cells
SO JOURNAL OF NUTRITIONAL BIOCHEMISTRY
AB 3,3 '-Diindolylmethane (DIM) is a major in vivo condensation product of
   indole-3-carbinol, which is present in cruciferous vegetables. Although
   these compounds have been widely implicated in antitumorigenic and
   proapoptotic properties in animal as well as in vitro models of cancer,
   the underlying cellular mechanisms regulated by DIM are only partially
   understood. Activating transcription factor 3 (ATF3) is a member of the
   ATF/c-AMP response element-binding (CREB) subfamily of the basic-region
   leucine zipper family and has been known to induce apoptosis in human
   colorectal cancer (CRC) cells. The present study was performed to
   elucidate the molecular mechanism of ATF3 induction by DIM in human CRC
   cells. The DIM treatment induced apoptosis and induced ATF3 gene
   expression at protein and messenger RNA levels. DIM increased ATF3
   promoter activity, and the region of 84 to +34 within ATF3 promoter was
   responsible for promoter activation by DIM. This region contained an ATF
   binding site. Deletion and point mutation of the ATF binding site ( 23
   to 16) abolished ATF3 promoter activation by DIM, and overexpression of
   ATF4 enhanced ATF3 transactivation. Chromatin immunoprecipitation assay
   confirmed the binding of ATF4 in the ATF3 promoter. Inhibition of ATF4
   expression by small interference RNA results in repression of
   DIM-induced ATF3 expression. The current study demonstrates that DIM
   stimulates ATF3 expression through ATF4-mediated pathway and
   subsequently induces apoptosis in human CRC cells. (C) 2013 Elsevier
   Inc. All rights reserved.
SN 0955-2863
PD APR
PY 2013
VL 24
IS 4
BP 664
EP 671
UT CCC:000317164400007
ER

PT J
AU Lei, W
   Liu, HB
   Wang, SB
   Zhou, XM
   Zheng, SD
   Guo, KN
   Ma, BY
   Xia, YL
   Tan, WS
   Liu, XY
   Wang, YG
AF Lei, Wen
   Liu, Hong-bin
   Wang, Shi-bing
   Zhou, Xiu-mei
   Zheng, Shui-di
   Guo, Ke-ni
   Ma, Bu-yun
   Xia, Yu-long
   Tan, Wen-song
   Liu, Xin-yuan
   Wang, Yi-gang
TI Tumor suppressor in lung cancer-1 (TSLC1) mediated by dual-regulated
   oncolytic adenovirus exerts specific antitumor actions in a mouse model
SO ACTA PHARMACOLOGICA SINICA
AB Aim: The tumor suppressor in lung cancer-1 (TSLC1) is a candidate tumor
   suppressor of lung cancer, and frequently inactivated in primary
   non-small cell lung cancer (NSCLC). In this study, we investigated the
   effects of TSLC1 mediated by a dual-regulated oncolytic adenovirus on
   lung cancer, and the mechanisms underlying the antitumor actions.
   Methods: The recombinant virus Ad.sp-E1A((Delta 24))-TSLC1 was
   constructed by inserting the TSLC1 gene into the dual-regulated
   Ad.sp-E1A((Delta 24)) vector, which contained the survivin promoter and
   a 24 bp deletion within E1A. The antitumor effects of Ad.sp-E1A((Delta
   24))-TSLC1 were evaluated in NCI-H460, A549, and H1299 lung cancer cell
   lines and the normal fibroblast cell line MRC-5, as well as in A549
   xenograft model in nude mice. Cell viability was assessed using MTT
   assay. The expression of TSLC1 and activation of the caspase signaling
   pathway were detected by Western blot analyses. The tumor tissues from
   the xenograft models were examined using H&E staining, IHC, TUNEL, and
   TEM analyses.
   Results: Infection of A549 lung cancer cells with Ad.sp-E1A((Delta
   24))-TSLC1 induced high level expression of TSLC1. Furthermore, the
   Ad.sp-E1A((Delta 24))-TSLC1 virus dose-dependently suppressed the
   viability of NCI-H460, A549, and H1299 lung cancer cells, and did not
   affect MRC-5 normal fibroblast cells. Infection of NCI-H460, A549, and
   H1299 lung cancer cells with Ad.sp-E1A((Delta 24))-TSLC1 induced
   apoptosis, and increased activation of caspase-8, caspase-3 and PARP. In
   A549 xenograft model in nude mice, intratumoral injection of
   Ad.sp-E1A((Delta 24))-TSLC1 significantly suppressed the tumor volume,
   and increased the survival rate (from less than 15% to 87.5% at d 60).
   Histological studies showed that injection of Ad.sp-E1A((Delta
   24))-TSLC1 caused tumor cell apoptosis and virus particle propagation in
   tumor tissues.
   Conclusion: The oncolytic adenovirus Ad.sp-E1A((Delta 24))-TSLC1
   exhibits specific antitumor effects, and is a promising agent for the
   treatment of lung cancer.
SN 1671-4083
PD APR
PY 2013
VL 34
IS 4
BP 531
EP 540
UT CCC:000317106600012
ER

PT J
AU Li, SQ
   Chen, FJ
   Cao, XF
AF Li, S. -Q.
   Chen, F. -J.
   Cao, X. -F.
TI Distinctive microRNAs in esophageal tumor: early diagnosis, prognosis
   judgment, and tumor treatment
SO DISEASES OF THE ESOPHAGUS
AB Esophageal tumor (ET) is aggressive and has poor prognosis. Although the
   incidence of ET has been reduced by the changing tumor profile, the
   5-year survival and mortality rate of ET has not significantly changed,
   and the outlook has remained bleak. Therefore, new molecular markers for
   early diagnosis and prognosis judgment are urgently required. In recent
   years, tumor has been widely regarded as genetic disease along with
   epigenetic abnormalities. DNA methylation, histone deacetylation,
   chromatin remodeling, gene imprinting, and noncoding RNA regulation are
   the major parts of epigenetic regulation. Mounting evidence exists that
   miRNAs (microRNA), a class of small, endogenous, and non-protein-coding
   RNAs, provide a novel tool for early clinical diagnosis, prognosis
   judgment, and gene therapy of ET. In this review, we provide a general
   overview of the connection between miRNA profiles and their target
   genes. We also describe in detail in ET from the aspect of clinical
   insights, the potential application of miRNAs as biomarkers, potential
   diagnostic and therapeutic tools.
SN 1120-8694
PD APR
PY 2013
VL 26
IS 3
BP 288
EP 298
UT CCC:000317002800013
ER

PT J
AU Li, TP
   Wang, ZX
   Zhao, Y
   He, W
   An, LL
   Liu, SQ
   Liu, YH
   Wang, HL
   Hang, HY
AF Li, Tiepeng
   Wang, Zhixin
   Zhao, Yun
   He, Wei
   An, Lili
   Liu, Shengquan
   Liu, Yuheng
   Wang, Hailin
   Hang, Haiying
TI Checkpoint protein Rad9 plays an important role in nucleotide excision
   repair
SO DNA REPAIR
AB Rad9, an evolutionarily conserved checkpoint gene with multiple
   functions for preserving genomic integrity, has been shown to play
   important roles in homologous recombination repair, base excision repair
   and mismatch repair. However, whether Rad9 has an impact on nucleotide
   excision repair remains unknown. Here we demonstrated that Rad9 was
   involved in nucleotide excision repair and loss of Rad9 led to defective
   removal of the UV-derived photoproduct 6-4PP (6,4 pyrimidine-pyrimidone)
   and the BPDE
   (anti-benzo(a)pyrene-trans-7,8-dihydrodiol-9,10-epoxide)-DNA adducts in
   mammalian cells. We also demonstrated that Rad9 could co-localize with
   XPC in response to local UV irradiation. However, our data showed that
   Rad9 was not required for the photoproducts recognition step of
   nucleotide excision repair. Further investigation revealed that
   reduction of Rad9 reduced the UV-induced transcription of the genes of
   the nucleotide excision repair factors DDB2, XPC, DDB1 and XPB and DDB2
   protein levels in human cells. Interestingly, knockdown of one subunit
   of DNA damage recognition complex, hHR23B impaired Rad9-loading onto
   UV-damaged chromatin. Based on these results, we suggest that Rad9 plays
   an important role in nucleotide excision repair through mechanisms
   including maintaining DDB2 protein level in human cells. (C) 2013
   Elsevier B.V. All rights reserved.
SN 1568-7864
PD APR
PY 2013
VL 12
IS 4
BP 284
EP 292
UT CCC:000317155600004
ER

PT J
AU Li, WQ
   Katoh, H
   Wang, LZ
   Yu, XC
   Du, ZW
   Yan, XL
   Zheng, P
   Liu, Y
AF Li, Weiquan
   Katoh, Hiroto
   Wang, Lizhong
   Yu, Xiaochun
   Du, Zhanwen
   Yan, Xiaoli
   Zheng, Pan
   Liu, Yang
TI FOXP3 Regulates Sensitivity of Cancer Cells to Irradiation by
   Transcriptional Repression of BRCA1
SO CANCER RESEARCH
AB FOXP3 is an X-linked tumor suppressor gene and a master regulator in T
   regulatory cell function. This gene has been found to be mutated
   frequently in breast and prostate cancers and to inhibit tumor cell
   growth, but its functional significance in DNA repair has not been
   studied. We found that FOXP3 silencing stimulates homologous
   recombination-mediated DNA repair and also repair of
   g-irradiation-induced DNA damage. Expression profiling and
   chromatin-immunoprecipitation analyses revealed that FOXP3 regulated the
   BRCA1-mediated DNA repair program. Among 48 FOXP3-regulated DNA repair
   genes, BRCA1 and 12 others were direct targets of FOXP3 transcriptional
   control. Site-specific interaction of FOXP3 with the BRCA1 promoter
   repressed its transcription. Somatic FOXP3 mutants identified in breast
   cancer samples had reduced BRCA1 repressor activity, whereas FOXP3
   silencing and knock-in of a prostate cancer-derived somatic FOXP3 mutant
   increased the radioresistance of cancer cells. Together our findings
   provide a missing link between FOXP3 function and DNA repair programs.
   Cancer Res; 73(7); 2170-80. (C)2012 AACR.
SN 0008-5472
PD APR
PY 2013
VL 73
IS 7
BP 2170
EP 2180
UT CCC:000316995600015
ER

PT J
AU Limm, K
   Ott, C
   Wallner, S
   Mueller, DW
   Oefner, P
   Hellerbrand, C
   Bosserhoff, AK
AF Limm, Katharina
   Ott, Corinna
   Wallner, Susanne
   Mueller, Daniel W.
   Oefner, Peter
   Hellerbrand, Claus
   Bosserhoff, Anja-Katrin
TI Deregulation of protein methylation in melanoma
SO EUROPEAN JOURNAL OF CANCER
AB Loss of methylthioadenosine phosphorylase (MTAP) expression and a
   concomitant accumulation of 5'-methyl-thioadenosine (MTA) characterise
   several tumour entities including malignant melanoma. MTA affects
   cellular signalling, proliferation and migration not only of cancer but
   also surrounding cells including lymphocytes and stromal fibroblasts.
   The mode of action of MTA is still not known. Interestingly, MTA is a
   known potent inhibitor of protein arginine methyltransferases (PRMTs)
   and is used as a tool in studying activity and impact of PRMTs. This
   study aimed at analysing PRMTs in melanoma and the potential impact of
   MTA on tumourigenesis.
   Our findings demonstrate that expression of PRMT4/CARM1 and PRMT6 is
   deregulated in melanoma, whereas expression of the remaining PRMTs stays
   unchanged. General PRMT activity and, consequently, symmetric and
   asymmetric protein methylation are reduced significantly in melanoma
   cells and tissues. This is due to a loss of MTAP expression and
   accumulation of MTA. Reduction of protein methylation by MTA affects
   cell signalling and leads, for example, to an activation of
   extracellular signal-regulated kinase (ERK) activity. The effects of
   endogeneous MTA on PRMTs as presented in this study can strongly support
   the migratory and invasive phenotype of melanoma cells. (C) 2012
   Elsevier Ltd. All rights reserved.
SN 0959-8049
PD APR
PY 2013
VL 49
IS 6
BP 1305
EP 1313
UT CCC:000317188600017
ER

PT J
AU Liu, C
   Croft, QPP
   Kalidhar, S
   Brooks, JT
   Herigstad, M
   Smith, TG
   Dorrington, KL
   Robbins, PA
AF Liu, Chun
   Croft, Quentin P. P.
   Kalidhar, Swati
   Brooks, Jerome T.
   Herigstad, Mari
   Smith, Thomas G.
   Dorrington, Keith L.
   Robbins, Peter A.
TI Dexamethasone mimics aspects of physiological acclimatization to 8 hours
   of hypoxia but suppresses plasma erythropoietin
SO JOURNAL OF APPLIED PHYSIOLOGY
AB Dexamethasone mimics aspects of physiological acclimatization to 8 hours
   of hypoxia but suppresses plasma erythropoietin. J Appl Physiol 114:
   948-956, 2013. First published February 7, 2013; doi:
   10.1152/japplphysiol.01414.2012.-Dexamethasone ameliorates the severity
   of acute mountain sickness (AMS) but it is unknown whether it obtunds
   normal physiological responses to hypoxia. We studied whether
   dexamethasone enhanced or inhibited the ventilatory, cardiovascular, and
   pulmonary vascular responses to sustained (8 h) hypoxia. Eight healthy
   volunteers were studied, each on four separate occasions, permitting
   four different protocols. These were: dexamethasone (20 mg orally)
   beginning 2 h before a control period of 8 h of air breathing;
   dexamethasone with 8 h of isocapnic hypoxia (end-tidal Po-2 = 50 Torr);
   placebo with 8 h of air breathing; and placebo with 8 h of isocapnic
   hypoxia. Before and after each protocol, the following were determined
   under both euoxic and hypoxic conditions: ventilation; pulmonary artery
   pressure (estimated using echocardiography to assess maximum tricuspid
   pressure difference); heart rate; and cardiac output. Plasma
   concentrations of erythropoietin (EPO) were also determined.
   Dexamethasone had no early (2-h) effect on any variable. Both
   dexamethasone and 8 h of hypoxia increased euoxic values of ventilation,
   pulmonary artery pressure, and heart rate, together with the ventilatory
   sensitivity to acute hypoxia. These effects were independent and
   additive. Eight hours of hypoxia, but not dexamethasone, increased the
   sensitivity of pulmonary artery pressure to acute hypoxia.
   Dexamethasone, but not 8 h of hypoxia, increased both cardiac output and
   systemic arterial pressure. Dexamethasone abolished the rise in EPO
   induced by 8 h of hypoxia. In summary, dexamethasone enhances
   ventilatory acclimatization to hypoxia. Thus, dexamethasone in AMS may
   improve oxygenation and thereby indirectly lower pulmonary artery
   pressure.
SN 8750-7587
PD APR
PY 2013
VL 114
IS 7
BP 948
EP 956
UT CCC:000317001000014
ER

PT J
AU Liu, JW
   Li, WX
   Piao, XY
   Zhang, JW
   Zhang, DZ
   Wei, N
   Hu, DF
   Liu, SQ
AF Liu, Jinwen
   Li, Weixuan
   Piao, Xiaoyu
   Zhang, Junwen
   Zhang, Dongzhi
   Wei, Ning
   Hu, Defu
   Liu, Shuqiang
TI Icariside II Reduces Testosterone Production by Inducing Necrosis in Rat
   Leydig Cells
SO JOURNAL OF BIOCHEMICAL AND MOLECULAR TOXICOLOGY
AB The present study demonstrates that Icariside II (10, 20, and 40 mu M)
   reduced Leydig cell testosterone production and cell viability in a
   concentration- and time-dependent manner. Hoechst 33342/propidium iodide
   staining indicated that no morphological changes in Leydig cell nuclear
   chromatin occurred, caspase-3 expression also showed no significant
   change, but cell death was caused by the 10-mu M Icariside II treatment.
   Furthermore, a significant reduction in NAD+ levels was observed
   following Icariside II exposure (10, 20, and 40 mu M). Cell death was
   avoided when Icariside II treated cells were incubated with
   extracellular NAD+ (5 and 10 mM). Moreover, the addition of NAD+ (5 and
   10 mM) could restore ATP production and prevent cell death. The results
   suggest that Icariside II can reduce testosterone production by inducing
   necrosis, but not apoptosis, in rat Leydig cells. This mechanism may
   also account for the Icariside II induced depletion of NAD+ and ATP
   levels. (c) 2013 Wiley Periodicals, Inc. J BiochemMol Toxicol
   27:243-250, 2013; View this article online at wileyonlinelibrary.com.
   DOI 10.1002/jbt.21481
SN 1095-6670
PD APR
PY 2013
VL 27
IS 4
BP 243
EP 250
UT CCC:000317134500003
ER

PT J
AU Liu, YW
   Zhang, X
   Blumenthal, RM
   Cheng, XD
AF Liu, Yiwei
   Zhang, Xing
   Blumenthal, Robert M.
   Cheng, Xiaodong
TI A common mode of recognition for methylated CpG
SO TRENDS IN BIOCHEMICAL SCIENCES
AB Much is known about vertebrate DNA methylation, however it is not known
   how methylated CpG within particular sequences is recognized. Two recent
   structures of C2H2 zinc finger (ZnF) proteins in complex with methylated
   DNA reveal a common recognition mode for 5-methylcytosine (5mC) that
   involves a 5mC-Arg-G triad. In the two ZnF proteins, an arginine that
   precedes the first Zn-binding histidine (RH motif) can interact with a
   5mCpG or TpG dinucleotide. Among a family of >300 human
   Kruppel-associated box (KRAB) domain containing ZnF proteins examined,
   two-thirds contained at least one ZnF that included an RH motif. We
   propose that the RH-ZnF motifs provide specificity for 5mCpG, whereas
   the neighboring Zn fingers recognize the surrounding DNA sequence
   context.
SN 0968-0004
PD APR
PY 2013
VL 38
IS 4
BP 177
EP 183
UT CCC:000317315700004
ER

PT J
AU Lundholm, L
   Haggard, U
   Moller, J
   Hallqvist, J
   Thiblin, I
AF Lundholm, Lena
   Haggard, Ulrika
   Moller, Jette
   Hallqvist, Johan
   Thiblin, Ingemar
TI The triggering effect of alcohol and illicit drugs on violent crime in a
   remand prison population: A case crossover study
SO DRUG AND ALCOHOL DEPENDENCE
AB Background: The association between substance abuse, particularly
   alcohol abuse, and violence has been well established. However, since
   substance abuse co-occurs with several other risk factors for violence,
   the causal link between substance abuse and violence and the extent to
   which the acute influence of alcohol, illicit drugs, benzodiazepines,
   and anabolic androgenic steroids have a triggering effect on violent
   behavior are more uncertain.
   Methods: Case-crossover design was used based on data from structured
   face to face interviews with remand prisoners (n = 194; 172 men, 22
   women) suspected of violent crimes. Main outcome measure: odds ratio (OR
   95% CI) for a violent crime, 24 h after exposure to different
   substances, compared to periods of no exposure was calculated using
   conditional logistic regression and a Mantel-Haenszel estimator with
   confidence intervals for sparse data.
   Results: Intake of alcohol (OR 6.41 CI 4.24-9.67) and large doses of
   benzodiazepines (OR 36.32 CI 7.14-183.65) triggered interpersonal
   violence. Stratified analyses of possible effect modifiers were sex,
   conduct/behavioral problems, trauma experiences; psychiatric
   vulnerability did not reveal any substantial differences.
   Conclusion: Influences of alcohol and unusually high doses of
   benzodiazepines are proximal risk factors for violent crime. Improved
   knowledge of short-term (and dose-related) risk factors may contribute
   to treatment planning and risk assessment of violence. (C) 2012 Elsevier
   Ireland Ltd. All rights reserved.
SN 0376-8716
PD APR
PY 2013
VL 129
IS 1-2
BP 110
EP 115
UT CCC:000316827600015
ER

PT J
AU Luo, W
   Yu, WD
   Ma, YY
   Chernov, M
   Trump, DL
   Johnson, CS
AF Luo, Wei
   Yu, Wei-Dong
   Ma, Yingyu
   Chernov, Mikhail
   Trump, Donald L.
   Johnson, Candace S.
TI Inhibition of Protein Kinase CK2 Reduces Cyp24a1 Expression and Enhances
   1,25-Dihydroxyvitamin D3 Antitumor Activity in Human Prostate Cancer
   Cells
SO CANCER RESEARCH
AB Vitamin D has broad range of physiological functions and antitumor
   effects. 24-Hydroxylase, encoded by the CYP24A1 gene, is the key enzyme
   for degrading many forms of vitamin D including the most active form,
   1,25D3. Inhibition of CYP24A1 enhances 1,25D3 antitumor activity. To
   isolate regulators of CYP24A1 expression in prostate cancer cells, we
   established a stable prostate cancer cell line PC3 with CYP24A1 promoter
   driving luciferase expression to screen a small molecular library for
   compounds that inhibit CYP24A1 promoter activity. From this screening,
   we identified, 4,5,6,7-tetrabromobenzimidazole (TBBz), a protein kinase
   CK2 selective inhibitor as a disruptor of CYP24A1 promoter activity. We
   show that TBBz inhibits CYP24A1 promoter activity induced by 1,25D3 in
   prostate cancer cells. In addition, TBBz downregulates endogenous
   CYP24A1 mRNA level in TBBz-treated PC3 cells. Furthermore,
   siRNA-mediated CK2 knockdown reduces 1,25D3-induced CYP24A1 mRNA
   expression in PC3 cells. These results suggest that CK2 contributes to
   1,25D3-mediated target gene expression. Finally, inhibition of CK2 by
   TBBz or CK2 siRNA significantly enhances 1,25D3-mediated
   antiproliferative effect in vitro and in vivo in a xenograft model. In
   summary, our findings reveal that protein kinase CK2 is involved in the
   regulation of CYP24A1 expression by 1,25D3 and CK2 inhibitor enhances
   1,25D3-mediated antitumor effect. Cancer Res; 73(7); 2289-97. (C) 2013
   AACR.
SN 0008-5472
PD APR
PY 2013
VL 73
IS 7
BP 2289
EP 2297
UT CCC:000316995600026
ER

PT J
AU McCulloch, TM
   Hoffman, MR
   McAvoy, KE
   Jiang, JJ
AF McCulloch, Timothy M.
   Hoffman, Matthew R.
   McAvoy, Kieran E.
   Jiang, Jack J.
TI Initial investigation of anterior approach to arytenoid adduction in
   excised larynges
SO LARYNGOSCOPE
AB Objectives/Hypothesis: Arytenoid adduction (AA) can dramatically improve
   voice quality in patients with vocal fold paralysis (VFP); however, it
   is technically challenging. We present an anterior approach to AA, where
   GORE-TEX suture attached to curled wire is passed through the thyroid
   cartilage or cricothyroid membrane via a guide needle and used to
   manipulate the muscular process of the arytenoid. Performing AA via an
   anterior approach leads to comparable aerodynamic and acoustic outcomes
   compared to traditional AA in an excised larynx model. Study Design:
   Repeated measures with each larynx serving as its own control. Methods:
   We performed thyroplasty followed by traditional and anterior AA on
   excised larynges with simulated VFP. Aerodynamic and acoustic
   measurements were recorded. Results: Anterior AA significantly improved
   aerodynamic (phonation threshold power: P = .003) and acoustic
   parameters (percentage jitter: P = .028; percentage shimmer: P = .001;
   signal-to-noise ratio: P = .034) compared to VFP in this excised larynx
   model. Anterior AA and traditional AA produced comparable improvements
   in all parameters (phonation threshold power: P = .256; percentage
   jitter: P = .616; percentage shimmer: P = .281; signal-to-noise ratio: P
   = .970). Conclusions: Anterior AA is an alternative to traditional AA
   that is easier to perform and produces comparable improvements in
   laryngeal function.
SN 0023-852X
PD APR
PY 2013
VL 123
IS 4
BP 942
EP 947
UT CCC:000316812400025
ER

PT J
AU Medici, V
   Halsted, CH
AF Medici, Valentina
   Halsted, Charles H.
TI Folate, alcohol, and liver disease
SO MOLECULAR NUTRITION & FOOD RESEARCH
AB Alcoholic liver disease (ALD) is typically associated with folate
   deficiency, which is the result of reduced dietary folate intake,
   intestinal malabsorption, reduced liver uptake and storage, and
   increased urinary folate excretion. Folate deficiency favors the
   progression of liver disease through mechanisms that include its effects
   on methionine metabolism with consequences for DNA synthesis and
   stability and the epigenetic regulation of gene expression involved in
   pathways of liver injury. This paper reviews the pathogenesis of ALD
   with particular focus on ethanol-induced alterations in methionine
   metabolism, which may act in synergy with folate deficiency to decrease
   antioxidant defense as well as DNA stability while regulating epigenetic
   mechanisms of relevant gene expressions. We also review the current
   evidence available on potential treatments of ALD based on correcting
   abnormalities in methionine metabolism and the methylation regulation of
   relevant gene expressions.
SN 1613-4125
PD APR
PY 2013
VL 57
IS 4
SI SI
BP 596
EP 606
UT CCC:000317138200004
ER

PT J
AU Miao, CG
   Yang, YY
   He, X
   Li, J
AF Miao, Cheng-gui
   Yang, Ying-ying
   He, Xu
   Li, Jun
TI New advances of DNA methylation and histone modifications in rheumatoid
   arthritis, with special emphasis on MeCP2
SO CELLULAR SIGNALLING
AB Epigenetics is a steadily growing research area in many human diseases,
   especially in autoimmune diseases such as rheumatoid arthritis (RA). RA
   is an autoimmune disease with unclear etiology characterized by chronic
   inflammation and joint destruction and fibroblast-like synoviocytes
   (FLS) display a crucial role in the pathogenesis of RA. Even though the
   etiology is not yet fully understood, RA is generally considered to be
   caused by a combination of epigenetic modification, deregulated
   immunomodulation, and environmental factors. Epigenetic modifications,
   including DNA methylation and post-translational histone modifications,
   such as histone methylation and histone (de)acetylation are identified
   as regulatory mechanisms in controlling aggressive FLS activation in
   patients and animal models. In the last 3 years, the field of
   epigenetics in RA has impressively increased. Methyl-CpG-binding protein
   2 (MeCP2) is first identified as a transcriptional repressor that
   inhibits gene expression through the interpretation of two epigenetic
   markers, DNA methylation and histone modification. The cooperative
   action among MeCP2, DNA methylation and histone modifications indicates
   that MeCP2 should participate in the pathogenesis of RA through silence
   of certain gene transcription. In this review, we consider the role of
   DNA methylation and histone modifications in the development of RA, with
   a special focus on increased MeCP2 expression in RA animal models. (C)
   2013 Elsevier Inc. All rights reserved.
SN 0898-6568
PD APR
PY 2013
VL 25
IS 4
BP 875
EP 882
UT CCC:000317161700019
ER

PT J
AU Mikael, LG
   Pancer, J
   Jiang, XY
   Wu, Q
   Caudill, M
   Rozen, R
AF Mikael, Leonie G.
   Pancer, Jill
   Jiang, Xinyin
   Wu, Qing
   Caudill, Marie
   Rozen, Rima
TI Low dietary folate and methylenetetrahydrofolate reductase deficiency
   may lead to pregnancy complications through modulation of ApoAI and IFN-
   in spleen and placenta, and through reduction of methylation potential
SO MOLECULAR NUTRITION & FOOD RESEARCH
AB Scope Genetic or nutritional disturbances in folate metabolism lead to
   hyperhomocysteinemia and adverse reproductive outcomes. Folate-dependent
   homocysteine remethylation is required for methylation reactions and may
   influence choline/betaine metabolism. Hyperhomocysteinemia has been
   suggested to play a role in inflammation. The goal of this study was to
   determine whether folate-related pregnancy complications could be due to
   altered expression of some inflammatory mediators or due to disturbances
   in methylation intermediates. Methods and results Pregnant mice with or
   without a deficiency of methylenetetrahydrofolate reductase (MTHFR) were
   fed control diets or folate-deficient (FD) diets; tissues were collected
   at embryonic day 14.5. FD decreased plasma phosphocholine and increased
   plasma glycerophosphocholine and lysophosphatidylcholine. Liver betaine,
   phosphocholine, and S-adenosylmethionine:S-adenosylhomocysteine ratios
   were reduced in FD. In liver, spleen, and placenta, the lowest levels of
   apolipoprotein AI (ApoAI) were observed in Mthfr+/ mice fed FD.
   Increased interferon-gamma (IFN-) was observed in spleen and placentae
   due to FD or Mthfr genotype. Plasma homocysteine correlated negatively
   with liver and spleen ApoAI, and positively with IFN-. Conclusion Low
   dietary folate or Mthfr deficiency during pregnancy may result in
   adverse pregnancy outcomes by altering expression of the inflammatory
   mediators ApoAI and IFN- in spleen and placenta. Disturbances in choline
   metabolism or methylation reactions may also play a role.
SN 1613-4125
PD APR
PY 2013
VL 57
IS 4
SI SI
BP 661
EP 670
UT CCC:000317138200010
ER

PT J
AU Milton, JN
   Rooks, H
   Drasar, E
   McCabe, EL
   Baldwin, CT
   Melista, E
   Gordeuk, VR
   Nouraie, M
   Kato, GR
   Minniti, C
   Taylor, J
   Campbell, A
   Luchtman-Jones, L
   Rana, S
   Castro, O
   Zhang, YZ
   Thein, SL
   Sebastiani, P
   Gladwin, MT
   Steinberg, MH
AF Milton, Jacqueline N.
   Rooks, Helen
   Drasar, Emma
   McCabe, Elizabeth L.
   Baldwin, Clinton T.
   Melista, Efi
   Gordeuk, Victor R.
   Nouraie, Mehdi
   Kato, Gregory R.
   Minniti, Caterina
   Taylor, James
   Campbell, Andrew
   Luchtman-Jones, Lori
   Rana, Sohail
   Castro, Oswaldo
   Zhang, Yingze
   Thein, Swee Lay
   Sebastiani, Paola
   Gladwin, Mark T.
   Steinberg, Martin H.
CA Walk-PHAAST Investigators
TI Genetic determinants of haemolysis in sickle cell anaemia
SO BRITISH JOURNAL OF HAEMATOLOGY
AB Haemolytic anaemia is variable among patients with sickle cell anaemia
   and can be estimated by reticulocyte count, lactate dehydrogenase,
   aspartate aminotransferase and bilirubin levels. Using principal
   component analysis of these measurements we computed a haemolytic score
   that we used as a subphenotype in a genome-wide association study. We
   identified in one cohort and replicated in two additional cohorts the
   association of a single nucleotide polymorphism in NPRL3 (rs7203560;
   chr16p13 center dot 3) (P=6 center dot 04x1007). This association was
   validated by targeted genotyping in a fourth independent cohort. The
   HBA1/HBA2 regulatory elements, hypersensitive sites (HS)-33, HS-40 and
   HS-48 are located in introns of NPRL3. Rs7203560 was in perfect linkage
   disequilibrium (LD) with rs9926112 (r2=1) and in strong LD with
   rs7197554 (r2=0 center dot 75) and rs13336641 (r2=0 center dot 77); the
   latter is located between HS-33 and HS-40 sites and next to a CTCF
   binding site. The minor allele for rs7203560 was associated with the 3
   center dot 7thalassaemia gene deletion. When adjusting for HbF and
   thalassaemia, the association of NPRL3 with the haemolytic score was
   significant (P=0 center dot 00375) and remained significant when
   examining only cases without gene deletion thalassaemia (P=0 center dot
   02463). Perhaps by independently down-regulating expression of the
   HBA1/HBA2 genes, variants of the HBA1/HBA2 gene regulatory loci, tagged
   by rs7203560, reduce haemolysis in sickle cell anaemia.
SN 0007-1048
PD APR
PY 2013
VL 161
IS 2
BP 270
EP 278
UT CCC:000317124200015
ER

PT J
AU Niwa, T
   Toyoda, T
   Tsukamoto, T
   Mori, A
   Tatematsu, M
   Ushijima, T
AF Niwa, Tohru
   Toyoda, Takeshi
   Tsukamoto, Tetsuya
   Mori, Akiko
   Tatematsu, Masae
   Ushijima, Toshikazu
TI Prevention of Helicobacter pylori-Induced Gastric Cancers in Gerbils by
   a DNA Demethylating Agent
SO CANCER PREVENTION RESEARCH
AB Suppression of aberrant DNA methylation is a novel approach to cancer
   prevention, but, so far, the efficacy of the strategy has not been
   evaluated in cancers associated with chronic inflammation. Gastric
   cancers induced by Helicobacter pylori infection are known to involve
   aberrant DNA methylation and associated with severe chronic inflammation
   in their early stages. Here, we aimed to clarify whether suppression of
   aberrant DNA methylation can prevent H. pylori-induced gastric cancers
   using a Mongolian gerbil model. Administration of a DNA demethylating
   agent, 5-aza-2'-deoxycytidine (5-aza-dC), to gerbils (0.125 mg/kg for
   50-55 weeks) decreased the incidence of gastric cancers induced by H.
   pylori infection and N-methyl-N-nitrosourea (MNU) treatment from 55.2%
   to 23.3% (P < 0.05). In gastric epithelial cells, DNA methylation levels
   of six CpG islands (HE6, HG2, SB1, SB5, SF12, and SH6) decreased to 46%
   to 68% (P < 0.05) of gerbils without 5-aza-dC treatment. Also, the
   global DNA methylation level decreased from 83.0% +/- 4.5% to 80.3% +/-
   4.4% (mean +/- SD) by 5-aza-dC treatment (P < 0.05). By 5-aza-dC
   treatment, Il1b and Nos2 were downregulated (42% and 58% of gerbils
   without, respectively) but Tnf was upregulated (187%), suggesting that
   5-aza-dC treatment induced dysregulation of inflammatory responses. No
   obvious adverse effect of 5-aza-dC treatment was observed, besides
   testicular atrophy. These results showed that 5-aza-dC treatment can
   prevent H. pylori-induced gastric cancers and suggested that removal of
   induced DNA methylation and/or suppression of DNA methylation induction
   can become a target for prevention of chronic inflammation-associated
   cancers. Cancer Prev Res; 6(4); 263-70. (c) 2013 AACR.
SN 1940-6207
PD APR
PY 2013
VL 6
IS 4
BP 263
EP 270
UT CCC:000317040800003
ER

PT J
AU Orizaola, G
   Dahl, E
   Nicieza, AG
   Laurila, A
AF Orizaola, German
   Dahl, Emma
   Nicieza, Alfredo G.
   Laurila, Anssi
TI Larval life history and anti-predator strategies are affected by
   breeding phenology in an amphibian
SO OECOLOGIA
AB Seasonal time constraints can pose strong selection on life histories.
   Time-constrained animals should prioritise fast development over
   predation risk to avoid unfavourable growing conditions. However,
   changes in phenology could alter the balance between anti-predator and
   developmental needs. We studied variation of anti-predator strategies in
   common frog (Rana temporaria) tadpoles in four populations from the two
   extremes of a latitudinal gradient across Sweden. We examined, under
   common conditions in the laboratory, the anti-predator responses and
   life histories of tadpoles raised with predatory Aeshna dragonfly larvae
   in two consecutive years with a difference of 20 days in breeding time
   in the north, but no difference in breeding time in the nouth. In a year
   with late breeding, northern tadpoles did not modify their behaviour and
   morphology in the presence of predators, and metamorphosed faster and
   smaller than tadpoles born in a year with early breeding. In the year
   with early breeding, northern tadpoles showed a completely different
   anti-predator strategy by reducing activity and developing morphological
   defences in the presence of predators. We discuss the possible
   mechanisms that could activate these responses (likely a form of
   environmentally-mediated parental effect). To our knowledge, this is the
   first study to show that a vertebrate modifies the anti-predator
   strategy of its offspring in response to natural variation in
   reproductive phenology, which highlights the need to consider phenology
   in studies of life-history evolution.
SN 0029-8549
PD APR
PY 2013
VL 171
IS 4
BP 873
EP 881
UT CCC:000316906400011
ER

PT J
AU Pan, T
AF Pan, Tao
TI N6-methyl-adenosine modification in messenger and long non-coding RNA
SO TRENDS IN BIOCHEMICAL SCIENCES
AB N6-methyl-adenosine (m(6)A) is the most abundant modification in
   mammalian mRNA and long non-coding RNA. First discovered in the 1970s,
   m(6)A modification has been proposed to function in mRNA splicing,
   export, stability, and immune tolerance. Interest and excitement in
   m(6)A modification has recently been revived based on the discovery of a
   mammalian enzyme that removes m(6)A and the application of deep
   sequencing to localize modification sites. The m(6)A demethylase fat
   mass and obesity associated protein (FTO) controls cellular energy
   homeostasis and is the first enzyme discovered that reverses an RNA
   modification. m(6)A Sequencing demonstrates cell-type- and
   cell-state-dependent m(6)A patterns, indicating that m(6)A modifications
   are highly regulated. This review describes the current knowledge of
   mammalian m(6)A modifications and future perspectives on how to push the
   field forward.
SN 0968-0004
PD APR
PY 2013
VL 38
IS 4
BP 204
EP 209
UT CCC:000317315700007
ER

PT J
AU Park, J
   Long, DT
   Lee, KY
   Abbas, T
   Shibata, E
   Negishi, M
   Luo, YH
   Schimenti, JC
   Gambus, A
   Walter, JC
   Dutta, A
AF Park, Jonghoon
   Long, David T.
   Lee, Kyung Yong
   Abbas, Tarek
   Shibata, Etsuko
   Negishi, Masamitsu
   Luo, Yunhai
   Schimenti, John C.
   Gambus, Agnieszka
   Walter, Johannes C.
   Dutta, Anindya
TI The MCM8-MCM9 Complex Promotes RAD51 Recruitment at DNA Damage Sites To
   Facilitate Homologous Recombination
SO MOLECULAR AND CELLULAR BIOLOGY
AB The minichromosome maintenance protein homologs MCM8 and MCM9 have
   previously been implicated in DNA replication elongation and
   prereplication complex (pre-RC) formation, respectively. We found that
   MCM8 and MCM9 physically associate with each other and that MCM8 is
   required for the stability of MCM9 protein in mammalian cells. Depletion
   of MCM8 or MCM9 in human cancer cells or the loss of function MCM9
   mutation in mouse embryo fibroblasts sensitizes cells to the DNA
   interstr- and cross-linking (ICL) agent cisplatin. Consistent with a
   role in the repair of ICLs by homologous recombination (HR), knockdown
   of MCM8 or MCM9 significantly reduces HR repair efficiency. Chromatin
   immunoprecipitation analysis using human DR-GFP cells or Xenopus egg
   extract demonstrated that MCM8 and MCM9 proteins are rapidly recruited
   to DNA damage sites and promote RAD51 recruitment. Thus, these two
   metazoan-specific MCM homologs are new components of HR and may
   represent novel targets for treating cancer in combination with DNA
   cross-linking agents.
SN 0270-7306
PD APR
PY 2013
VL 33
IS 8
BP 1632
EP 1644
UT CCC:000317272500013
ER

PT J
AU Parris, T
   Nik, AM
   Kotecha, S
   Langston, C
   Helou, K
   Platt, C
   Carlsson, P
AF Parris, Toshima
   Nik, Ali Moussavi
   Kotecha, Sailesh
   Langston, Claire
   Helou, Khalil
   Platt, Craig
   Carlsson, Peter
TI Inversion upstream of FOXF1 in a case of lethal alveolar capillary
   dysplasia with misalignment of pulmonary veins
SO AMERICAN JOURNAL OF MEDICAL GENETICS PART A
AB Alveolar capillary dysplasia with misalignment of pulmonary veins
   (ACDMPV) is a congenital malformation that leads to severe pulmonary
   hypertension and respiratory failure. It has been associated with
   deletion of, or mutation in, FOXF1 on 16q24.1, a gene encoding a
   forkhead transcription factor expressed in the mesenchyme of the
   developing lung. Here we report on the identification of a pericentric
   inversion on chromosome 16 (p11.2q24.1) in a case of lethal ACDMPV with
   atrioventricular septal defect and duodenal atresia. Array-CGH indicated
   that the inversion is balanced, and FISH showed that the q-arm
   breakpoint occurs 134 +/- 10kb upstream (5; centromeric) of FOXF1. This
   is suggestive of cis-regulatory elements located more than 130kb 5 of
   FOXF1, and analysis of genome-wide data sets of chromatin modifications
   in two different cell types suggested that the FOXF1 regulatory domain
   covers more than 300kb, and perhaps up to 433kb, upstream of the gene,
   but only 3kb downstream. The 588kb gene-free region between FOXF1 and
   the next gene in the centromeric direction, IRF8, is highly conserved
   between species and divided into two distinct regulatory domains by an
   insulator element. Another putative insulator occurs just downstream of
   FOXF1. Our results further strengthen the association between FOXF1 and
   a spectrum of malformations that include ACDMPV, atrioventricular septal
   defects, and gastrointestinal atresia. Furthermore, the presented
   analysis aids in defining the critical genomic region for this syndrome.
   (c) 2013 Wiley Periodicals, Inc.
SN 1552-4825
PD APR
PY 2013
VL 161A
IS 4
BP 764
EP 770
UT CCC:000316631300019
ER

PT J
AU Partearroyo, T
   Perez-Miguelsanz, J
   Ubeda, N
   Valencia-Benitez, M
   Alonso-Aperte, E
   Varela-Moreiras, G
AF Partearroyo, Teresa
   Perez-Miguelsanz, Julia
   Ubeda, Natalia
   Valencia-Benitez, Maria
   Alonso-Aperte, Elena
   Varela-Moreiras, Gregorio
TI Dietary folic acid intake differentially affects methionine metabolism
   markers and hippoccampus morphology in aged rats
SO EUROPEAN JOURNAL OF NUTRITION
AB Folic acid (FA) is an emerging nutritional factor in the pathogenesis of
   diverse neurodegenerative disorders by still unknown mechanisms. The
   hippocampus is altered during the loss of cognitive abilities in humans
   and selectively affected when homocysteine increases. The aim was to
   evaluate the potential protective role of folic acid in the maintenance
   of biochemical markers related to the methionine cycle, as well as the
   integrity of the hippocampus as part of the brain in aged rats.
   Male Sprague-Dawley rats (18 months old) were assigned to four different
   folic acid groups (0 mg FA/kg diet, deficient; 2 mg FA/kg diet, control;
   8 mg FA/kg diet, moderate supplementation; 40 mg FA/kg diet, extra
   supplementation) for 30 days. We evaluated several parameters related to
   the methionine cycle. In addition, hippocampus areas were immunostained
   for specific neuronal markers and astrocytes.
   Serum folate levels increased according to FA dietary level (p < 0.01).
   There was a significant increase in the serum homocysteine
   concentrations in the folic acid-deficient diet group (p < 0.01).
   However, brain S-adenosylmethionine and S-adenosylhomocysteine did not
   differ significantly between the folic acid groups. Consequently, the
   methylation ratio was also unchanged. The morphometric analysis did not
   show any differences in the number of neurons and astrocytes between
   groups, except when comparing the folic acid-deficient diet versus folic
   acid-supplemented diet in the striatum of the hippocampus.
   Clearly, the dietary FA deficiency negatively affects the methionine
   metabolism biomarkers, while excessive supplementation seems to be
   unnecessary for optimal maintenance of the methylation cycle and
   hippocampus integrity.
SN 1436-6207
PD APR
PY 2013
VL 52
IS 3
BP 1157
EP 1167
UT CCC:000317078900030
ER

PT J
AU Pufulete, M
   Abbadi, RA
   Arno, M
   Ewins, M
   Green, C
   Astarloa, EAO
   Sanders, T
   Emery, P
AF Pufulete, Maria
   Abbadi, Reyad Al-Ghnaniem
   Arno, Matthew
   Ewins, Mark
   Green, Caroline
   Astarloa, Estibaliz Aldecoa-Otalora
   Sanders, Tom
   Emery, Peter
TI The influence of folate supplementation on global gene expression in
   normal colonic mucosa of subjects with colorectal adenoma
SO MOLECULAR NUTRITION & FOOD RESEARCH
AB Scope We determined whether short-term supplementation with a
   physiological dose of folate alters global gene expression in the normal
   colonic mucosa of subjects with colorectal adenoma. Methods and results
   Fourteen subjects with adenoma, randomised to receive folic acid
   (400g/day, n = 6) or placebo (n = 8) for 10 weeks, had blood samples and
   colonic tissue biopsies collected before and after the intervention. RNA
   extracted from colonic tissue samples was used to determine global gene
   expression in the colon using Affymetrix (R) Microarray GeneChips and
   real-time RT-PCR. Following intervention, 67 genes were upregulated and
   13 genes were downregulated in the folic acid group, while 21 genes were
   upregulated and none were downregulated in the placebo group (p < 0.05,
   adjusted for multiple testing). Thirty-six genes were upregulated and 18
   genes were downregulated in the folic acid group when compared with
   placebo, but none of these were statistically significant after
   adjustment for multiple testing. These genes are involved in multiple
   pathways, including cell cycle, signal transduction, cell
   differentiation, transport, cell division, cell motility, protein
   transport, and immune response. Conclusion These results indicate that
   while folic acid can modify gene expression, it is difficult to separate
   its effects from the natural variability in gene expression in the
   colon.
SN 1613-4125
PD APR
PY 2013
VL 57
IS 4
SI SI
BP 709
EP 720
UT CCC:000317138200015
ER

PT J
AU Qu, SM
   Wen, WQ
   Shu, XO
   Chow, WH
   Xiang, YB
   Wu, J
   Ji, BT
   Rothman, N
   Yang, G
   Cai, QY
   Gao, YT
   Zheng, W
AF Qu, Shimian
   Wen, Wanqing
   Shu, Xiao-Ou
   Chow, Wong-Ho
   Xiang, Yong-Bing
   Wu, Jie
   Ji, Bu-Tian
   Rothman, Nathaniel
   Yang, Gong
   Cai, Qiuyin
   Gao, Yu-Tang
   Zheng, Wei
TI Association of Leukocyte Telomere Length With Breast Cancer Risk: Nested
   Case-Control Findings From the Shanghai Women's Health Study
SO AMERICAN JOURNAL OF EPIDEMIOLOGY
AB Telomeres are specialized chromatin structures essential for the
   maintenance of chromosomal integrity and stability. Telomere shortening
   has been linked to multiple aging-related diseases, including cancer.
   Evidence associating telomere length with breast cancer risk most of
   which has been from retrospective case-control studies is conflicting.
   We conducted a nested case-control study based on the Shanghai Women's
   Health Study (1997-2009) in which we evaluated the association of
   telomere length and breast cancer risk using peripheral blood samples
   collected before cancer diagnosis (601 cases and 695 controls). We used
   monochrome multiplex quantitative polymerase chain reaction to measure
   relative telomere length. Multiple logistic regressions were used to
   derive adjusted odds ratios with 95% confidence intervals as the measure
   of association. Telomere length was inversely correlated with age
   (r=-0.22). Women with moderately long telomeres (those in the fourth
   quintile) had the lowest breast cancer risk. Risk increased in a
   dose-response manner with decreasing quintile of telomere length; odds
   ratios were 1.39 (95% confidence interval (Cl): 0.95, 2.04), 1.79 (95%
   Cl: 1.17, 2.75), and 2.39 (95% Cl: 1.45, 3.92), respectively, for the
   third, second, and first quintiles compared with the fourth quintile. A
   slightly elevated risk of breast cancer (odds ratio = 1.35, 95% Cl:
   0.90, 2.04), although one that was not statistically significant, was
   found in the top quintile (longest telomeres). Our results support the
   hypothesis that telomere shortening is associated with increased risk of
   breast cancer and suggest a possible elevated risk associated with long
   telomeres.
SN 0002-9262
PD APR
PY 2013
VL 177
IS 7
BP 617
EP 624
UT CCC:000317147700004
ER

PT J
AU Romeo, RD
   Kaplowitz, ET
   Ho, A
   Franco, D
AF Romeo, Russell D.
   Kaplowitz, Elianna T.
   Ho, Amy
   Franco, Daly
TI The influence of puberty on stress reactivity and forebrain
   glucocorticoid receptor levels in inbred and outbred strains of male and
   female mice
SO PSYCHONEUROENDOCRINOLOGY
AB Objective: To examine stress-induced corticosterone responses and
   forebrain glucocorticoid receptor (GR) levels in prepubertal and adult,
   male and female mice of three commonly used inbred (C57BL/6, BALB/c) and
   outbred (Swiss Webster) strains.
   Methods: Prepubertal (30 days of age) and adult (75 days of age), male
   and female C57BL/6, BALB/c, and Swiss Webster mice were exposed to a 30
   min session of restraint stress. Plasma corticosterone was measured
   before (basal), or 0, 30, or 60 min after termination of the stressor.
   GR protein levels of the medial prefrontal cortex, paraventricular
   nucleus of the hypothalamus, and hippocampus were also measured via
   tissue punches and western blots in the prepubertal and adult males and
   females at the basal time point.
   Results: In response to acute stress, prepubertal males of both inbred
   strains showed greater hormonal responsiveness than their adult
   counterparts, while females of these strains displayed similar
   stress-induced corticosterone responses, independent of age. Conversely,
   only the females of the outbred Swiss Webster strain showed
   pubertal-related changes, with adult females showing greater hormonal
   reactivity compared to prepubertal females. Despite these significant
   differences in hormonal reactivity, we found little difference in GR
   protein levels in the brain regions examined.
   Conclusions: These data indicate that pubertal-dependent differences in
   stress reactivity can be significantly influenced by sex and genetic
   background. Moreover, these data provide points of departure for future
   studies investigating how puberty, sex, and genetic background interact
   to shape both short- and long-term effects of stress on mental and
   physical health. (C) 2012 Elsevier Ltd. All rights reserved.
SN 0306-4530
PD APR
PY 2013
VL 38
IS 4
BP 592
EP 596
UT CCC:000317156400013
ER

PT J
AU Rosenthal, F
   Feijs, KLH
   Frugier, E
   Bonalli, M
   Forst, AH
   Imhof, R
   Winkler, HC
   Fischer, D
   Caflisch, A
   Hassa, PO
   Luscher, B
   Hottiger, MO
AF Rosenthal, Florian
   Feijs, Karla L. H.
   Frugier, Emilie
   Bonalli, Mario
   Forst, Alexandra H.
   Imhof, Ralph
   Winkler, Hans C.
   Fischer, David
   Caflisch, Amedeo
   Hassa, Paul O.
   Luescher, Bernhard
   Hottiger, Michael O.
TI Macrodomain-containing proteins are new mono-ADP-ribosylhydrolases
SO NATURE STRUCTURAL & MOLECULAR BIOLOGY
AB ADP-ribosylation is an important post-translational protein modification
   (PTM) that regulates diverse biological processes.
   ADP-ribosyltransferase diphtheria toxin-like 10 (ARTD10, also known as
   PARP10) mono-ADP-ribosylates acidic side chains and is one of eighteen
   ADP-ribosyltransferases that catalyze mono-or poly-ADP-ribosylation of
   target proteins. Currently, no enzyme is known that reverses
   ARTD10-catalyzed mono-ADP-ribosylation. Here we report that
   ARTD10-modified targets are substrates for the macrodomain proteins
   MacroD1, MacroD2 and C6orf130 from Homo sapiens as well as for the
   macrodomain protein Af1521 from archaebacteria. Structural modeling and
   mutagenesis of MacroD1 and MacroD2 revealed a common core structure with
   Asp102 and His106 of MacroD2 implicated in the hydrolytic reaction.
   Notably, MacroD2 reversed the ARTD10-catalyzed, mono-ADP-ribose-mediated
   inhibition of glycogen synthase kinase 3 beta (GSK3 beta) in vitro and
   in cells, thus underlining the physiological and regulatory importance
   of mono-ADP-ribosylhydrolase activity. Our results establish
   macrodomain-containing proteins as mono-ADP-ribosylhydrolases and define
   a class of enzymes that renders mono-ADP-ribosylation a reversible
   modification.
SN 1545-9993
PD APR
PY 2013
VL 20
IS 4
BP 502
EP +
UT CCC:000317044400017
ER

PT J
AU Ryu, YM
   Myung, SJ
   Park, YS
   Yang, DH
   Song, HJ
   Jeong, JY
   Lee, SM
   Song, M
   Kim, DH
   Lee, HJ
   Park, SK
   Fink, SP
   Markowitz, SD
   Jung, KW
   Kim, KJ
   Ye, BD
   Byeon, JS
   Jung, HY
   Yang, SK
   Kim, JH
AF Ryu, Yeon-Mi
   Myung, Seung-Jae
   Park, Young Soo
   Yang, Dong-Hoon
   Song, Ho June
   Jeong, Jin-Yong
   Lee, Sun Mi
   Song, Miyeoun
   Kim, Do Hoon
   Lee, Hyo-Jeong
   Park, Soo-Kyung
   Fink, Stephen P.
   Markowitz, Sandy D.
   Jung, Kee Wook
   Kim, Kyung-Jo
   Ye, Byong Duk
   Byeon, Jeong-Sik
   Jung, Hwoon-Yong
   Yang, Suk-Kyun
   Kim, Jin-Ho
TI Inhibition of 15-Hydroxyprostaglandin Dehydrogenase by Helicobacter
   pylori in Human Gastric Carcinogenesis
SO CANCER PREVENTION RESEARCH
AB Helicobacter pylori (H. pylori) infection induces a chronic inflammatory
   response, which promotes gastric carcinogenesis. 15-Hydroxyprostaglandin
   dehydrogenase (15-PGDH) plays a key role as a tumor suppressor in
   gastrointestinal cancers. The aim of this study was to elucidate the
   role of 15-PGDH in gastric carcinogenesis associated with H. pylori.
   15-PGDH expression in gastric biopsies from H. pylori-infected (n = 25)
   and noninfected (n = 15) subjects was analyzed by quantitative real-time
   PCR, Western blot analysis, and immunohistochemistry. 15-PGDH DNA
   methylation was evaluated by methylation-specific PCR and
   pyrosequencing. The expression of 15-PGDH, Snail, extracellular
   signal-regulated kinase (ERK)1/2, TLR4, and MyD88 in response to H.
   pylori infection was assessed by immunoblot analysis. Compared with
   negative specimens, H. pylori-positive specimens had 2-fold lower
   15-PGDH mRNA levels and significantly less 15-PGDH protein. In four H.
   pylori-infected subjects with longitudinal follow-up, the suppression of
   15-PGDH expression was reversed by H. pylori eradication therapy. In
   parallel with suppressing 15-PGDH expression, H. pylori infection
   activated expression of TLR4 and MyD88 expression, increased levels of
   phospho-ERK1/2, and increased expression of EGF receptor (EGFR)-Snail.
   Inhibition of Snail and MyD88 reversed suppression of 15-PGDH
   expression, and siMyD88 reduced phosphorylated ERK1/2. Similarly,
   treatment with an ERK1/2 and EGFR inhibitor also restored 15-PGDH
   expression. H. pylori appeared to promote gastric carcinogenesis by
   suppressing 15-PGDH. This process is mediated by the TLR4/MyD88 pathway
   via ERK1/2 or EGFR-Snail transcriptional regulation. 15-PGDH may be a
   useful marker and a potential therapeutic target in H. pylori-induced
   gastric carcinogenesis. Cancer Prev Res; 6(4); 349-59. (c) 2013 AACR.
SN 1940-6207
PD APR
PY 2013
VL 6
IS 4
BP 349
EP 359
UT CCC:000317040800012
ER

PT J
AU Salonia, A
   Abdollah, F
   Capitanio, U
   Suardi, N
   Gallina, A
   Castagna, G
   Clementi, MC
   Briganti, A
   Rigatti, P
   Montorsi, F
AF Salonia, Andrea
   Abdollah, Firas
   Capitanio, Umberto
   Suardi, Nazareno
   Gallina, Andrea
   Castagna, Giulia
   Clementi, Maria Chiara
   Briganti, Alberto
   Rigatti, Patrizio
   Montorsi, Francesco
TI Circulating sex steroids and prostate cancer: introducing the
   time-dependency theory
SO WORLD JOURNAL OF UROLOGY
AB We sought whether serum total testosterone (tT), estradiol (E-2), tT/E-2
   ratio, and sex hormone-binding globulin (SHBG) significantly fluctuate
   throughout time in men with prostate cancer (PCa).
   Circulating hormones were measured in a cohort of 631 candidates for
   radical prostatectomy. Hormone levels were analyzed according to either
   patient age, stratified into quartiles, or body mass index (BMI). Linear
   regression analyses tested the association between sex steroids and
   continuously coded patient age and BMI values.
   No significant differences were found among age quartiles regarding
   serum tT levels and tT/E-2 ratio. Conversely, E-2 and SHBG levels
   significantly increased throughout time (all, p a parts per thousand
   currency sign 0.001). Total T did not linearly change according to
   continuously coded patient age; in contrast, E-2 and SHBG linearly
   increased (all, p a parts per thousand currency sign 0.001), whereas
   tT/E-2 decreased (p = 0.016) with aging. Rate of hypogonadism
   significantly increased with aging (p = 0.04). Total T, T/E-2 ratio, and
   SHBG linearly decreased along with BMI increases (all p a parts per
   thousand currency sign 0.02), whereas serum E-2 did not significantly
   change. Rate of hypogonadism significantly increased with BMI increases
   (p < 0.001).
   In contrast with longitudinal studies in the general male population,
   these data indirectly suggest that serum tT levels could be stable over
   time in PCa patients. This finding led to formulation of a
   "time-dependency theory", which postulates that the endocrine biology of
   prostate tissue is dependent on the exposure time at a given
   concentration of sex steroid, which, in turn, fluctuates throughout the
   lifespan of the individual.
SN 0724-4983
PD APR
PY 2013
VL 31
IS 2
BP 267
EP 273
UT CCC:000317137400004
ER

PT J
AU Salonia, A
   Abdollah, F
   Capitanio, U
   Gallina, A
   Suardi, N
   Briganti, A
   Zanni, G
   Ferrari, M
   Castiglione, F
   Clementi, MC
   Rigatti, P
   Montorsi, F
AF Salonia, Andrea
   Abdollah, Firas
   Capitanio, Umberto
   Gallina, Andrea
   Suardi, Nazareno
   Briganti, Alberto
   Zanni, Giuseppe
   Ferrari, Matteo
   Castiglione, Fabio
   Clementi, Maria Chiara
   Rigatti, Patrizio
   Montorsi, Francesco
TI Preoperative sex steroids are significant predictors of early
   biochemical recurrence after radical prostatectomy
SO WORLD JOURNAL OF UROLOGY
AB We sought the association of preoperative serum total testosterone (tT),
   hypogonadism, 17 beta estradiol (E-2), and sex hormone-binding globulin
   (SHBG) with early biochemical recurrence (BCR) after radical
   prostatectomy (RP).
   Sex steroids were assessed the day before surgery (7-11 a.m.) in a
   cohort of 605 patients with a median follow-up of 24 months following
   RP. Cox regression models tested the association between predictors
   [including age, body mass index (BMI), prostate-specific antigen (PSA),
   clinical stage, biopsy Gleason scores, tT, hypogonadism, E-2, and SHBG]
   and early BCR (defined as a PSA a parts per thousand yen 0.1 ng/ml that
   occurred within 24 months after RP).
   Early BCR was found in 34 (5.6 %) patients. Patients with BCR did not
   differ in terms of age, BMI, serum PSA, tT, E-2, and SHBG levels, rate
   of hypogonadism, and clinical stage as compared with those without BCR
   (all p a parts per thousand yen 0.05). Conversely, patients with BCR
   showed a greater prevalence of biopsy Gleason scores a parts per
   thousand yen4 + 3 (all p a parts per thousand currency sign 0.001). At
   multivariable Cox regression analysis, tT [hazard ratio (HR): 1.43; p =
   0.03] E-2 (HR: 1.05; p = 0.04), SHBG (HR: 1.29; p = 0.02), and biopsy
   Gleason scores equal to 4 + 3 (HR: 3.37; p = 0.04) and a parts per
   thousand yen8 (HR: 20.06; p < 0.001) achieved independent predictor
   status for early BCR. Conversely, no significant associations were found
   for all the other predictors.
   Current findings show that preoperative serum sex steroids are
   independent predictors of early BCR in a homogeneous, large cohort of
   nonscreened patients treated with RP.
SN 0724-4983
PD APR
PY 2013
VL 31
IS 2
BP 275
EP 280
UT CCC:000317137400005
ER

PT J
AU San Millan, M
   Rissech, C
   Turbon, D
AF San Millan, Marta
   Rissech, Carme
   Turbon, Daniel
TI A test of Suchey-Brooks (pubic symphysis) and Buckberry-Chamberlain
   (auricular surface) methods on an identified Spanish sample:
   paleodemographic implications
SO JOURNAL OF ARCHAEOLOGICAL SCIENCE
AB Forensic Anthropology and Bioarchaeology studies depend critically on
   the accuracy and reliability of age-estimation techniques. In this study
   we have evaluated two age-estimation methods for adults based on the
   pubic symphysis (Suchey-Brooks) and the auricular surface
   (Buckberry-Chamberlain) in a current sample of 139 individuals (67 women
   and 72 men) from Madrid in order to verify the accuracy of both methods
   applied to a sample of innominate bones from the central Iberian
   Peninsula. Based on the overall results of this study, the
   Buckberry-Chamberlain method seems to be the method that provides better
   estimates in terms of accuracy (percentage of hits) and absolute
   difference to the chronological age taking into account the total
   sample. The percentage of hits and mean absolute difference of the
   Buckberry-Chamberlain and Suchey-Brooks methods are 97.3% and 11.24
   years, and 85.7% and 14.38 years, respectively. However, this apparently
   greater applicability of the Buckberry-Chamberlain method is mainly due
   to the broad age ranges provided. Results indicated that Suchey-Brooks
   method is more appropriate for populations with a majority of young
   individuals, whereas Buckberry-Chamberlain method is recommended for
   populations with a higher percentage of individuals in the range 60-70
   years. These different age estimation methodologies significantly
   influence the resulting demographic profile, consequently affecting the
   biological characteristics reconstruction of the samples in which they
   are applied. (C) 2012 Elsevier Ltd. All rights reserved.
SN 0305-4403
PD APR
PY 2013
VL 40
IS 4
BP 1743
EP 1751
UT CCC:000316709300012
ER

PT J
AU Schilder, RJ
   Sill, MW
   Lankes, HA
   Gold, MA
   Mannel, RS
   Modesitt, SC
   Hanjani, P
   Bonebrake, AJ
   Sood, AK
   Godwin, AK
   Hu, W
   Alpaugh, RK
AF Schilder, R. J.
   Sill, M. W.
   Lankes, H. A.
   Gold, M. A.
   Mannel, R. S.
   Modesitt, S. C.
   Hanjani, P.
   Bonebrake, A. J.
   Sood, A. K.
   Godwin, A. K.
   Hu, W.
   Alpaugh, R. K.
TI A phase II evaluation of motesanib (AMG 706) in the treatment of
   persistent or recurrent ovarian, fallopian tube and primary peritoneal
   carcinomas: A Gynecologic Oncology Group study
SO GYNECOLOGIC ONCOLOGY
AB Objectives. Vascular endothelial growth factors (VEGF) and their
   receptors have a critical role in stimulating the growth of ovarian
   cancer cells. Motesanib is a small molecule inhibitor of multiple
   receptor tyrosine kinases including VEGF receptors 1-3, as well as c-KIT
   and platelet-derived growth factor which are related to the VEGF family.
   Patients and methods. Twenty-two eligible patients with recurrent
   ovarian, fallopian tube or primary peritoneal carcinoma were treated
   with an oral daily dose of 125 mg of motesanib. Peripheral blood was
   analyzed for circulating tumor cells (CTC) and circulating endothelial
   cells/circulating endothelial progenitors (CEC/CEP), VEGF levels and
   cell-free circulating DNA (cfDNA).
   Results. The study was abruptly halted after four patients developed
   posterior reversible encephalopathy syndrome. One patient had a partial
   response and seven patients had stable disease at the time they were
   removed from study treatment. Twelve of the 22 patients (50%) had
   indeterminate responses at trial closure. Early closure without clinical
   efficacy data precludes meaningful correlative studies.
   Conclusions. The serious central nervous system toxicity observed in
   patients with recurrent ovarian cancer precluded full examination of
   this agent in this population. There were no clear cut explanations for
   the high incidence of this known class effect in the study population
   compared with patients with other cancers. (C) 2013 Elsevier Inc. All
   rights reserved.
SN 0090-8258
PD APR
PY 2013
VL 129
IS 1
BP 86
EP 91
UT CCC:000317090500018
ER

PT J
AU Schneider, BG
   Peek, RM
AF Schneider, Barbara G.
   Peek, Richard M., Jr.
TI Gastric Cancer Prevention by Demethylation
SO CANCER PREVENTION RESEARCH
AB Niwa and colleagues report in this issue that treatment with the DNA
   demethylation agent 5-aza-2'-deoxycytidine decreases the incidence of
   gastric cancers in an animal model of Helicobacter pylori-promoted
   gastric cancer. This provocative study underscores the importance of
   changes in DNA methylation that contribute to the origin of
   inflammation-related cancers. The findings also raise the exciting
   possibility of cancer prevention by altering DNA methylation events
   early during tumorigenesis. Cancer Prev Res; 6(4); 253-6. (c) 2013 AACR.
SN 1940-6207
PD APR
PY 2013
VL 6
IS 4
BP 253
EP 256
UT CCC:000317040800001
ER

PT J
AU Schwab, RA
   Nienninuszczy, J
   Shin-ya, K
   Niedzwiedz, W
AF Schwab, Rebekka A.
   Nienninuszczy, Jadwiga
   Shin-ya, Kazuo
   Niedzwiedz, Wojciech
TI FANCJ couples replication past natural fork barriers with maintenance of
   chromatin structure
SO JOURNAL OF CELL BIOLOGY
AB Defective DNA repair causes Fanconi anemia (FA), a rare childhood cancer
   predisposing syndrome. At least 15 genes are known to be mutated in FA;
   however, their role in DNA repair remains unclear. Here, we show that
   the FANCJ helicase promotes DNA replication in trans by counteracting
   fork stalling on replication barriers, such as G4 quadruplex structures.
   Accordingly, stabilization of G4 quadruplexes in Delta FANCJ cells
   restricts fork movements, uncouples leading- and lagging-strand
   synthesis and generates small single-stranded DNA gaps behind the fork.
   Unexpectedly, we also discovered that FANCJ suppresses heterochromatin
   spreading by coupling fork movement through replication barriers with
   maintenance of chromatin structure. We propose that FANCJ plays an
   essential role in counteracting chromatin compaction associated with
   unscheduled replication fork stalling and restart, and suppresses
   tumorigenesis, at least partially, in this replication-specific manner.
SN 0021-9525
PD APR
PY 2013
VL 201
IS 1
BP 33
EP 48
UT CCC:000317091200006
ER

PT J
AU Sen, P
   Gerychova, R
   Janku, P
   Jezova, M
   Valaskova, I
   Navarro, C
   Silva, I
   Langston, C
   Welty, S
   Belmont, J
   Stankiewicz, P
AF Sen, Partha
   Gerychova, Romana
   Janku, Petr
   Jezova, Marta
   Valaskova, Iveta
   Navarro, Colby
   Silva, Iris
   Langston, Claire
   Welty, Stephen
   Belmont, John
   Stankiewicz, Pawel
TI A familial case of alveolar capillary dysplasia with misalignment of
   pulmonary veins supports paternal imprinting of FOXF1 in human
SO EUROPEAN JOURNAL OF HUMAN GENETICS
AB Alveolar capillary dysplasia with misalignment of pulmonary veins
   (ACD/MPV) is a rare developmental lung disorder that is uniformly
   lethal. Affected infants die within the first few weeks of their life
   despite aggressive treatment, although a few cases of late manifestation
   and longer survival have been reported. We have shown previously that
   mutations and deletions in FOXF1 are a cause of this disorder. Although
   most of the cases of ACD/MPV are sporadic, there have been infrequent
   reports of familial cases. We present a family with five out of six
   children affected with ACD/MPV. DNA analysis identified a missense
   mutation (c.416G>T; p.Arg139Leu) in the FOXF1 gene that segregated in
   the three affected siblings tested. The same variant is also present as
   a de novo mutation in the mother and arose on her paternally derived
   chromosome 16. The two tested affected siblings share the same
   chromosome 16 haplotype inherited from their maternal grandfather. Their
   single healthy sibling has a different chromosome 16 haplotype inherited
   from the maternal grandmother. The results are consistent with paternal
   imprinting of FOXF1 in human. European Journal of Human Genetics (2013)
   21, 474-477; doi:10.1038/ejhg.2012.171; published online 19 September
   2012
SN 1018-4813
PD APR
PY 2013
VL 21
IS 4
BP 474
EP 477
UT CCC:000317089300023
ER

PT J
AU Servillo, L
   Giovane, A
   Cautela, D
   Castaldo, D
   Balestrieri, ML
AF Servillo, Luigi
   Giovane, Alfonso
   Cautela, Domenico
   Castaldo, Domenico
   Balestrieri, Maria Luisa
TI The methylarginines NMMA, ADMA, and SDMA are ubiquitous constituents of
   the main vegetables of human nutrition
SO NITRIC OXIDE-BIOLOGY AND CHEMISTRY
AB Endogenous methylarginines, N-G,N-G-dimethyl-L-arginine (asymmetric
   dimethylarginine, ADMA), N-G-N'(G)-dimethyl-L-arginine (symmetric
   dimethylarginine; SDMA), and N-G-monomethyl-L-arginine
   (monomethylarginine; NMMA) are supposed to be produced in human body
   through the methylation of protein arginine residues by protein arginine
   methyltransferases (PRMT) and released during proteolysis of the
   methylated proteins. Micromolar concentration of ADMA and NMMA can
   compete with arginine for nitric oxide synthase (NOS) reducing nitric
   oxide (NO) formation, whereas SDMA does not. Indeed, increased ADMA and
   SDMA plasma levels or a decreased arginine/ADMA ratio is related with
   risk factors for chronic kidney disease and cardiovascular disease. To
   the best of our knowledge the exogenous presence of methylarginines,
   like that in fruits and vegetables, has never been described so far.
   Here, we report the finding that methylarginines are ubiquitous in
   vegetables which represent an important part of human daily diet. Some
   of these vegetables contain discrete amounts of ADMA, SDMA, and NMMA.
   Specifically, among the vegetables examined, soybean, rye, sweet pepper,
   broad bean, and potato contain the highest ADMA and NMMA mean levels.
   Our results establish that the three methylarginines, in addition to
   being produced endogenously, can also be taken daily through the diet in
   conspicuous amounts. We propose that the contribution of the
   methylarginines contained in the vegetables of daily diet should be
   taken into account when the association between vegetable assumption and
   their levels is evaluated in clinical studies. Furthermore, a
   comprehensive understanding on the role of the digestive breakdown
   process and intestinal absorption grade of the methylarginines contained
   in vegetables is now needed. (c) 2013 Elsevier Inc. All rights reserved.
SN 1089-8603
PD APR
PY 2013
VL 30
BP 43
EP 48
UT CCC:000317320500006
ER

PT J
AU Seymour, GB
   Chapman, NH
   Chew, BL
   Rose, JKC
AF Seymour, Graham B.
   Chapman, Natalie H.
   Chew, Bee L.
   Rose, Jocelyn K. C.
TI Regulation of ripening and opportunities for control in tomato and other
   fruits
SO PLANT BIOTECHNOLOGY JOURNAL
AB Fruits are an important part of a healthy diet. They provide essential
   vitamins and minerals, and their consumption is associated with a
   reduced risk of heart disease and certain cancers. These important plant
   products can, however, be expensive to purchase, may be of disappointing
   quality and often have a short shelf life. A major challenge for crop
   improvement in fleshy fruit species is the enhancement of their
   health-promoting attributes while improving quality and reducing
   postharvest waste. To achieve these aims, a sound mechanistic
   understanding of the processes involved in fruit development and
   ripening is needed. In recent years, substantial insights have been made
   into the mechanistic basis of ethylene biosynthesis, perception and
   signalling and the identity of master regulators of ripening that
   operate upstream of, or in concert with a regulatory pathway mediated by
   this plant hormone. The role of other plant hormones in the ripening
   process has, however, remained elusive, and the links between regulators
   and downstream processes are still poorly understood. In this review, we
   focus on tomato as a model for fleshy fruit and provide an overview of
   the molecular circuits known to be involved in ripening, especially
   those controlling pigment accumulation and texture changes. We then
   discuss how this information can be used to understand ripening in other
   fleshy fruit-bearing species. Recent developments in comparative
   genomics and systems biology approaches are discussed. The potential
   role of epigenetic changes in generating useful variation is highlighted
   along with opportunities for enhancing the level of metabolites that
   have a beneficial effect on human health.
SN 1467-7644
PD APR
PY 2013
VL 11
IS 3
BP 269
EP 278
UT CCC:000316825400001
ER

PT J
AU Sharma, NL
   Groselj, B
   Hamdy, FC
   Kiltie, AE
AF Sharma, Naomi L.
   Groselj, Blaz
   Hamdy, Freddie C.
   Kiltie, Anne E.
TI The emerging role of histone deacetylase (HDAC) inhibitors in urological
   cancers
SO BJU INTERNATIONAL
AB Epigenetic modifications are known to play a critical role in the
   development and progression of many cancers.
   The opposing actions of histone deacetylases (HDACs) and histone
   acetyltransferases (HATs) modify chromatin and lead to epigenetic gene
   regulation, in addition to wider effects on non-histone proteins.
   There is growing interest in the clinical application of HDAC inhibitors
   (HDACi) in cancer. HDACi have been shown to inhibit cancer cell growth
   both in vitro and in vivo and recent clinical trials have shown
   encouraging results in various urological cancers.
   In this review, we discuss the existing evidence and potential role for
   HDACi in urological malignancies, including in combined therapies.
SN 1464-4096
PD APR
PY 2013
VL 111
IS 4
BP 537
EP 542
UT CCC:000317017800018
ER

PT J
AU Sie, KKY
   Li, J
   Ly, A
   Sohn, KJ
   Croxford, R
   Kim, YI
AF Sie, Karen K. Y.
   Li, Jennifer
   Ly, Anna
   Sohn, Kyoung-Jin
   Croxford, Ruth
   Kim, Young-In
TI Effect of maternal and postweaning folic acid supplementation on global
   and gene-specific DNA methylation in the liver of the rat offspring
SO MOLECULAR NUTRITION & FOOD RESEARCH
AB Scope Intrauterine and early-life exposure to folic acid has
   significantly increased in North America owing to folic acid
   fortification, widespread supplemental use, and periconceptional
   supplementation. We investigated the effect of maternal and postweaning
   folic acid supplementation on DNA methylation in the rat offspring.
   Methods and results Female rats were placed on a control or folic
   acid-supplemented diet during pregnancy and lactation. At weaning, pups
   from each maternal diet group were randomized to the control or
   supplemented diet for 11 weeks. At weaning, maternal folic acid
   supplementation significantly decreased global (p < 0.001) and
   site-specific DNA methylation of the Ppar-, ER-, p53, and Apc genes (p <
   0.05) in the liver. At 14 weeks of age, postweaning, but not maternal,
   folic acid supplementation significantly decreased global DNA
   methylation (p < 0.05). At 14 weeks of age, both maternal and
   postweaning folic acid supplementation significantly increased DNA
   methylation of the Ppar-, p53, and p16 genes (p < 0.05) whereas only
   postweaning FA supplementation significantly increased DNA methylation
   of the ER- and Apc genes (p < 0.05). Conclusion Our data suggest that
   maternal and postweaning folic acid supplementation can significantly
   modulate global and gene-specific DNA methylation in the rat offspring.
   The functional ramifications of the observed DNA methylation changes
   need to be determined in future studies.
SN 1613-4125
PD APR
PY 2013
VL 57
IS 4
SI SI
BP 677
EP 685
UT CCC:000317138200012
ER

PT J
AU Srikumar, T
   Lewicki, MC
   Costanzo, M
   Tkach, JM
   van Bakel, H
   Tsui, K
   Johnson, ES
   Brown, GW
   Andrews, BJ
   Boone, C
   Giaever, G
   Nislow, C
   Raught, B
AF Srikumar, Tharan
   Lewicki, Megan C.
   Costanzo, Michael
   Tkach, Johnny M.
   van Bakel, Harm
   Tsui, Kyle
   Johnson, Erica S.
   Brown, Grant W.
   Andrews, Brenda J.
   Boone, Charles
   Giaever, Guri
   Nislow, Corey
   Raught, Brian
TI Global analysis of SUMO chain function reveals multiple roles in
   chromatin regulation
SO JOURNAL OF CELL BIOLOGY
AB Like ubiquitin, the small ubiquitin-related modifier (SUMO) proteins can
   form oligomeric "chains," but the biological functions of these
   superstructures are not well understood. Here, we created mutant yeast
   strains unable to synthesize SUMO chains (smt3(allR)) and subjected them
   to high-content microscopic screening, synthetic genetic array (SGA)
   analysis, and high-density transcript profiling to perform the first
   global analysis of SUMO chain function. This comprehensive assessment
   identified 144 proteins with altered localization or intensity in
   smt3(allR) cells, 149 synthetic genetic interactions, and 225 mRNA
   transcripts (primarily consisting of stress-and nutrient-response genes)
   that displayed a >1.5-fold increase in expression levels. This
   information-rich resource strongly implicates SUMO chains in the
   regulation of chromatin. Indeed, using several different approaches, we
   demonstrate that SUMO chains are required for the maintenance of normal
   higher-order chromatin structure and transcriptional repression of
   environmental stress response genes in budding yeast.
SN 0021-9525
PD APR
PY 2013
VL 201
IS 1
BP 145
EP 163
UT CCC:000317091200013
ER

PT J
AU Steiner, MA
   Sciarretta, C
   Brisbare-Roch, C
   Strasser, DS
   Studer, R
   Jenck, F
AF Steiner, Michel A.
   Sciarretta, Carla
   Brisbare-Roch, Catherine
   Strasser, Daniel S.
   Studer, Rolf
   Jenck, Francois
TI Examining the role of endogenous orexins in
   hypothalamus-pituitary-adrenal axis endocrine function using transient
   dual orexin receptor antagonism in the rat
SO PSYCHONEUROENDOCRINOLOGY
AB The orexin neuropeptide system regulates wakefulness and contributes to
   physiological and behavioral stress responses. Moreover, a role for
   orexins in modulating hypothalamus-pituitary-adrenal (HPA) axis activity
   has been proposed. Brain penetrating dual orexin receptor (OXR)
   antagonists such as almorexant decrease vigilance and have emerged as a
   novel therapeutic class for the treatment of insomnia. Almorexant was
   used here as a pharmacological tool to examine the role of endogenous
   orexin signaling in HPA axis endocrine function under natural
   conditions. After confirming the expression of prepro-orexin and OXR-1
   and OXR-2 mRNA in hypothalamus, pituitary and adrenal glands, the
   effects of systemic almorexant were investigated on peripheral HPA axis
   hormone release in the rat under baseline, stress and pharmacological
   challenge conditions. Almorexant did not alter basal or stress-induced
   corticosterone release despite affecting wake and sleep stages (detected
   by radiotelemetric electroencephalography/electromyography) during the
   stress exposure. Moreover, almorexant did not affect the release of
   adrenocorticotropin (ACTH) and corticosterone at different time points
   along the diurnal rhythm, nor corticotrophin-releasing hormone (CRH)-
   and ACTH-stimulated neuroendocrine responses, measured in vivo under
   stress-free conditions. These results illustrate that dual OXR
   antagonists, despite modulating stress-induced wakefulness, do not
   interfere with endocrine HPA axis function in the rat. They converge to
   suggest that endogenous orexin signaling plays a minor role in stress
   hormone release under basal conditions and under challenge. (c) 2012
   Elsevier Ltd. All rights reserved.
SN 0306-4530
PD APR
PY 2013
VL 38
IS 4
BP 560
EP 571
UT CCC:000317156400010
ER

PT J
AU Stricker, EM
   Grigson, PS
   Norgren, R
AF Stricker, Edward M.
   Grigson, Patricia S.
   Norgren, Ralph
TI Variable Effects of Parabrachial Nucleus Lesions on Salt Appetite in
   Rats Depending Upon Experimental Paradigm and Saline Concentration
SO BEHAVIORAL NEUROSCIENCE
AB Previous studies have demonstrated that bilateral lesions of the
   gustatory (medial) zone of the parabrachial nucleus (PBN) in the pons
   eliminate the salt (sodium chloride; NaCl) appetite induced in rats by
   treatment with the diuretic drug, furosemide. The present studies
   reexamined NaCl intake of rats with PBN lesions induced by ibotenic
   acid, using multiple models of salt appetite. The impairment of a
   conditioned taste aversion, an established consequence of PBN damage,
   was used as an initial screen with which to assess the effectiveness of
   the lesions. Rats with PBN lesions did not drink either 0.3 of a molar
   (M) solution of NaCl or 0.5 M NaCl in response to daily treatment with
   desoxycorticosterone acetate. These findings suggest that the excitatory
   stimulus of salt appetite mediated by mineralocorticoids is abolished by
   PBN lesions. In contrast, rats with PBN lesions drank some 0.5 M NaCl
   and more 0.3 M NaCl, in addition to water, in response to hypovolemia
   induced by subcutaneous injection of 30% polyethylene glycol solution.
   Those findings suggest that an excitatory stimulus of salt appetite,
   presumably mediated by Angiotensin II, is not abolished by PBN lesions.
   These and other observations indicate that lesions of the gustatory PBN
   in rats may or may not eliminate salt appetite, depending on which model
   is used and which concentration of NaCl solution is available.
SN 0735-7044
PD APR
PY 2013
VL 127
IS 2
BP 275
EP 284
UT CCC:000317128600014
ER

PT J
AU Suzuki, M
   Bertin, TK
   Rogers, GL
   Cela, RG
   Zolotukhin, I
   Palmer, DJ
   Ng, P
   Herzog, RW
   Lee, B
AF Suzuki, Masataka
   Bertin, Terry K.
   Rogers, Geoffrey L.
   Cela, Racel G.
   Zolotukhin, Irene
   Palmer, Donna J.
   Ng, Philip
   Herzog, Roland W.
   Lee, Brendan
TI Differential Type I Interferon-dependent Transgene Silencing of
   Helper-dependent Adenoviral vs. Adeno-associated Viral Vectors In Vivo
SO MOLECULAR THERAPY
AB We previously dissected the components of the innate immune response to
   Helper-dependent adenoviral vectors (HDAds) using genetic models, and
   demonstrated that multiple pattern recognition receptor signaling
   pathways contribute to this host response to HDAds in vivo. Based on
   analysis of cytokine expression profiles, type I interferon (IFN) mRNA
   is induced in host mouse livers at 1 hour post-injection. This type I
   IFN signaling amplifies cytokine expression in liver independent of the
   nature of vector DNA sequences after 3 hours post-injection. This type I
   IFN signaling in response to HDAds administration contributes to
   transcriptional silencing of both HDAd prokaryotic and eukaryotic DNA in
   liver. This silencing occurs early and is mediated by epigenetic
   modification as shown by in vivo chromatin immunoprecipitation (ChIP)
   with anti-histone deacetylase (HDAC) and promyelocytic leukemia protein
   (PML). In contrast, self-complementary adeno-associated viral vectors
   (scAAVs) showed significantly lower induction of type I IFN mRNA in
   liver compared to HDAds at both early and late time points. These
   results show that the type I IFN signaling dependent transgene silencing
   differs between AAV and HDAd vectors after liver-directed gene transfer.
   Received 23 August 2012; accepted 3 December 2012; advance online
   publication 15 January 2013. doi: 10.1038/mt.2012.277
SN 1525-0016
PD APR
PY 2013
VL 21
IS 4
BP 796
EP 805
UT CCC:000317110300011
ER

PT J
AU Vaicunas, R
   Inamdar, S
   Dutta, S
   Aga, DS
   Zimmerman, L
   Sims, JT
AF Vaicunas, Rachael
   Inamdar, Shreeram
   Dutta, Sudarshan
   Aga, Diana S.
   Zimmerman, Lisa
   Sims, J. Tom
TI Statewide Survey of Hormones and Antibiotics in Surface Waters of
   Delaware
SO JOURNAL OF THE AMERICAN WATER RESOURCES ASSOCIATION
AB Water-quality surveys have confirmed the presence of hormones and
   antibiotics in surface waters of the United States, which may be of
   concern to aquatic life. We investigated the concentrations of hormones
   and antibiotics in surface waters of the state of Delaware to determine
   how they compared against environmental thresholds, how they varied
   across the state, and if they were correlated with land use type. Fifty
   surface water locations were sampled during early spring and late
   summer. Water samples were initially screened with ELISA followed by
   analysis with LC/MS/MS. The measured ranges of hormone concentrations
   were: 0-3.71ng/l for estrone, 0-4.65ng/l for estrone-3-sulfate, and
   0-6.27ng/l for 17-estradiol. The measured ranges of antibiotics were:
   0-3.30ng/l for sulfamerazine, 0-10.74ng/l for sulfamethoxazole, and
   0-2.29ng/l for tetracycline. The predicted no-effect concentration
   (PNEC) for estrone was exceeded for three samples and the PNEC for
   17-estradiol was exceeded for 11 samples. In general, concentrations and
   detection frequencies were lower in the summer than the spring. The
   highest concentrations of hormones and antibiotics were spatially
   distributed in agricultural and urban areas; however, the correlations
   between land use type and the concentrations were weak. This study was
   the first statewide survey of hormones and antibiotics for Delaware and
   provided important baseline data on these emerging contaminants.
SN 1093-474X
PD APR
PY 2013
VL 49
IS 2
BP 463
EP 474
UT CCC:000317001700015
ER

PT J
AU Valin, A
   Ouyang, J
   Gill, G
AF Valin, Alvaro
   Ouyang, Jian
   Gill, Grace
TI Transcription Factor Sp3 Represses Expression of p21(CIP1) via
   Inhibition of Productive Elongation by RNA Polymerase II
SO MOLECULAR AND CELLULAR BIOLOGY
AB Like that of many protein-coding genes, expression of the p21(CIP1) cell
   cycle inhibitor is regulated at the level of transcription elongation.
   While many transcriptional activators have been shown to stimulate
   elongation, the mechanisms by which promoter-specific repressors
   regulate pausing and elongation by RNA polymerase II (RNA PolII) are not
   well described. Here we report that the transcription factor Sp3
   inhibits basal p21(CIP1) gene expression by promoter-bound RNA PolII.
   Knockdown of Sp3 led to increased p21(CIP1) mRNA levels and reduced
   occupancy of the negative elongation factor (NELF) at the p21(CIP1)
   promoter, although the level of binding of the positive transcription
   elongation factor b (P-TEFb) kinase was not increased. Sp3 depletion
   correlated with increased H3K36me3 and H2Bub1, two histone modifications
   associated with transcription elongation. Further, Sp3 was shown to
   promote the binding of protein phosphatase 1 (PP1) to the p21(CIP1)
   promoter, leading to reduced H3S10 phosphorylation, a finding consistent
   with Sp3-dependent regulation of the local balance between kinase and
   phosphatase activities. Analysis of other targets of Sp3-mediated
   repression suggests that, in addition to previously described SUMO
   modification-dependent chromatin-silencing mechanisms, inhibition of the
   transition of paused RNA PolII to productive elongation, described here
   for p21(CIP1), is a general mechanism by which transcription factor Sp3
   fine-tunes gene expression.
SN 0270-7306
PD APR
PY 2013
VL 33
IS 8
BP 1582
EP 1593
UT CCC:000317272500009
ER

PT J
AU Venero, C
   Diaz-Mardomingo, C
   Pereda-Perez, I
   Garcia-Herranz, S
   Utrera, L
   Valencia, A
   Peraita, H
AF Venero, Cesar
   Diaz-Mardomingo, Carmen
   Pereda-Perez, Inmaculada
   Garcia-Herranz, Sara
   Utrera, Lucia
   Valencia, Azucena
   Peraita, Herminia
TI Increased morning salivary cortisol levels in older adults with
   nonamnestic and multidomain mild cognitive impairment
SO PSYCHONEUROENDOCRINOLOGY
AB Exposure to elevated glucocorticoid levels has a detrimental impact on
   cognitive function. In the present study, elderly individuals were
   classified according to their cognitive status to (i) cognitively
   healthy; (ii) amnestic; (iii) nonamnestic; or (iv) multidomain, with an
   extensive cognitive profiling. Salivary cortisol samples were taken at
   awakening, evening and night. We report that, compared to cognitively
   normal control individuals, subjects with nonamnestic or multidomain
   mild cognitive impairment profiles show increased salivary cortisol
   levels, immediately after awakening, but not in the evening or at night.
   Importantly, individuals with amnestic mild cognitive impairment did not
   show this increase in salivary cortisol levels. We also found that
   higher morning cortisol levels were associated with a lower global
   cognitive state, as well as poorer score in executive function and
   visuoconstructive praxes, verbal fluency, and a worse free immediate
   recall of items from a word list. These findings open new avenues to the
   use of salivary cortisol levels as a possible biomarker for nonamnestic
   and multidomain mild cognitive impairment in elderly subjects. (c) 2012
   Elsevier Ltd. All rights reserved.
SN 0306-4530
PD APR
PY 2013
VL 38
IS 4
BP 488
EP 498
UT CCC:000317156400003
ER

PT J
AU Wang, Y
   Zhang, ZY
   Chen, XQ
   Wang, X
   Cao, H
   Liu, SW
AF Wang, Yi
   Zhang, Zhen-yu
   Chen, Xiao-qing
   Wang, Xiang
   Cao, Heng
   Liu, Shao-wen
TI Advanced glycation end products promote human aortic smooth muscle cell
   calcification in vitro via activating NF-kappa B and down-regulating
   IGF1R expression
SO ACTA PHARMACOLOGICA SINICA
AB Aim: To investigate the effects of advanced glycation end products
   (AGEs) on calcification in human aortic smooth muscle cells (HASMCs) in
   vitro and the underlying mechanisms.
   Methods: AGEs were artificially prepared. Calcification of HASMCs was
   induced by adding inorganic phosphate (Pi, 2 mmol/L) in the media, and
   observed with Alizarin red staining. The calcium content in the
   supernatant was measured using QuantiChrome Calcium Assay Kit.
   Expression of the related mRNAs and proteins was analyzed using
   real-time PCR and Western blot, respectively. Chromatin
   immunoprecipitation (ChIP) assay was used to detect the binding of
   NF-kappa B to the putative IGF1R promoter.
   Results: AGEs (100 mu g/mL) significantly enhanced Pi-induced
   calcification and the levels of osteocalcin and Cbf alpha 1 in HASMCs.
   Furthermore, the treatment decreased the expression of insulin-like
   growth factor 1 receptor (IGF1R). Over-expression of IGF1R in HASMCs
   suppressed the AGEs-induced increase in calcium deposition. When IGF1R
   expression was knocked down in HASMCs, AGEs did not enhance the calcium
   deposition. Meanwhile, AGEs time-dependently decreased the amounts of I
   kappa B alpha and Flag-tagged p65 in the cytoplasmic extracts, and
   increased the amount of nuclear p65 in HASMCs. In the presence of
   NF-kappa B inhibitor PDTC (50 mu mol/L), the AGEs-induced increase in
   calcium deposition was blocked. Over-expression of p65 significantly
   enhanced Pi-induced mineralization, but suppressed IGF1R mRNA level.
   Knockdown of p65 suppressed the AGEs-induced increase in calcium
   deposition, and rescued the IGF1R expression. The ChIP analysis revealed
   that NF-kappa B bound the putative IGF1R promoter at position -230 to
   -219 bp. The inhibition of IGF1R by NF-kappa B was abolished when IGF1R
   reporter plasmid contained mutated binding sequence for NF-kappa B or an
   NF-kappa B reporter vector.
   Conclusion: The results demonstrate that AGEs promote calcification of
   human aortic smooth muscle cells in vitro via activation of NF-kappa B
   and down-regulation of IGF1R expression.
SN 1671-4083
PD APR
PY 2013
VL 34
IS 4
BP 480
EP 486
UT CCC:000317106600005
ER

PT J
AU Winnall, WR
   Hedger, MP
AF Winnall, Wendy R.
   Hedger, Mark P.
TI Phenotypic and functional heterogeneity of the testicular macrophage
   population: a new regulatory model
SO JOURNAL OF REPRODUCTIVE IMMUNOLOGY
AB Testicular macrophages (TMs) are important contributors to the response
   of the testis to infection, as well as the regulation of
   spermatogenesis, steroidogenesis and other homeostatic functions of the
   testis. The TMs are the largest population of immune cells in a region
   of tight immunoregulation, where both innate and acquired immune
   responses are effectively suppressed, and these cells are predicted to
   be responsible for regulating this immunosuppression. In the rat, TMs
   have been broadly classified into two main populations, designated
   "newly arrived" and "resident", the latter being characterised by
   expression of the scavenger receptor, CD163. Systemic inflammation in
   response to lipopolysaccharide leads to an influx of CD163(-)
   monocyte-like ("infiltrating") macrophages into the rodent testis, which
   have a pro-inflammatory phenotype and express interleukin-1 beta, tumour
   necrosis factor-alpha, inducible nitric oxide synthase and other
   inflammatory factors. The resident CD163(+) TMs, on the other hand,
   constitutively produce IL-10 and are poor stimulators of T-cell
   proliferation in vitro, indicating that they contribute to testicular
   immunosuppression. However, our recent studies have demonstrated that
   the "newly-arrived" CD163(-) TMs present in the rat testis under normal
   homeostatic conditions show very little response to LPS stimulation in
   vitro. We here propose a modified model of TM heterogeneity whereby the
   CD163(-) TMs of the normal rat testis are derived from a monocyte subset
   that continuously repopulates the testis, and is distinct from the
   monocyte-like "infiltrating" subset from which pro-inflammatory CD163(-)
   TMs may be derived during systemic inflammation. (C) 2013 Elsevier
   Ireland Ltd. All rights reserved.
RI Hedger, Mark/C-3495-2008
SN 0165-0378
PD APR
PY 2013
VL 97
IS 2
BP 147
EP 158
UT CCC:000317164200001
ER

PT J
AU Witt, RL
   Ferris, RL
   Pribitkin, EA
   Sherman, SI
   Steward, DL
   Nikiforov, YE
AF Witt, Robert L.
   Ferris, Robert L.
   Pribitkin, Edmund A.
   Sherman, Steven I.
   Steward, David L.
   Nikiforov, Yuri E.
TI Diagnosis and management of differentiated thyroid cancer using
   molecular biology
SO LARYNGOSCOPE
AB Objectives/Hypothesis: To define molecular biology in clinical practice
   for diagnosis, surgical management, and prognostication of
   differentiated thyroid cancer. Data Sources: Ovid Medline 2006-2012
   Review Methods: Manuscripts with clinical correlates. Results: Papillary
   thyroid carcinomas harbor point mutations of the BRAF and RAS genes or
   RET/PTC rearrangements, all of which activate the mitogen-activated
   protein kinase pathway. These mutually exclusive mutations are found in
   70% of PTC. BRAF mutation is found in 45% of papillary thyroid cancer
   and is highly specific. Follicular carcinomas are known to harbor RAS
   mutation or PAX8/PPAR rearrangement. These mutations are also mutually
   exclusive and identified in 70% of follicular carcinomas. Molecular
   classifiers measure the expression of a large number of genes on a
   microarray chip providing a substantial negative predictive value
   pending further validation. Conclusions: 1) 20% to 30% of cytologically
   classified Follicular Neoplasms and Follicular Lesion of Undetermined
   Significance collectively are malignant on final pathology.
   Approximately 70% to 80% of thyroid lobectomies performed solely for
   diagnostic purposes are benign. Molecular alteration testing may reduce
   the number of unnecessary thyroid procedures, 2) may reduce the number
   of completion thyroidectomies, and 3) may lead to more individualized
   operative and postoperative management. Molecular testing for BRAF, RAS,
   RET/PTC, and PAX8/PPAR for follicular lesion of undetermined
   significance and follicular neoplasm improve specificity, whereas
   molecular classifiers may add negative predictive value to fine needle
   aspiration diagnosis.
SN 0023-852X
PD APR
PY 2013
VL 123
IS 4
BP 1059
EP 1064
UT CCC:000316812400046
ER

PT J
AU Xue, YM
   Kowalska, AK
   Grabowska, K
   Przybyt, K
   Cichewicz, MA
   Del Rosario, BC
   Pemberton, LF
AF Xue, Yu-Ming
   Kowalska, Anna K.
   Grabowska, Kamila
   Przybyt, Katarzyna
   Cichewicz, Magda A.
   Del Rosario, Brian C.
   Pemberton, Lucy F.
TI Histone Chaperones Nap1 and Vps75 Regulate Histone Acetylation during
   Transcription Elongation
SO MOLECULAR AND CELLULAR BIOLOGY
AB Histone chaperones function in chromatin assembly and disassembly,
   suggesting they have important regulatory roles in transcription
   elongation. The Saccharomyces cerevisiae proteins Nap1 and Vps75 are
   structurally related, evolutionarily conserved histone chaperones. We
   showed that Nap1 genetically interacts with several transcription
   elongation factors and that both Nap1 and Vps75 interact with the RNA
   polymerase II kinase, CTK1. Loss of NAP1 or VPS75 suppressed cryptic
   transcription within the open reading frame (ORF) observed when strains
   are deleted for the kinase CTK1. Loss of the histone acetyltransferase
   Rtt109 also suppressed ctk1-dependent cryptic transcription. Vps75
   regulates Rtt109 function, suggesting that they function together in
   this process. Histone H3 K9 was found to be the important lysine that is
   acetylated by Rtt109 during ctk1-dependent cryptic transcription. We
   showed that both Vps75 and Nap1 regulate the relative level of H3 K9
   acetylation in the STE11 ORF. This supports a model in which Nap1, like
   Vps75, directly regulates Rtt109 activity or regulates the assembly of
   acetylated chromatin. Although Nap1 and Vps75 share many similarities,
   due to their distinct interactions with SET2, Nap1 and Vps75 may also
   play separate roles during transcription elongation. This work sheds
   further light on the importance of histone chaperones as general
   regulators of transcription elongation.
SN 0270-7306
PD APR
PY 2013
VL 33
IS 8
BP 1645
EP 1656
UT CCC:000317272500014
ER

PT J
AU Yang, J
   Kalogerou, M
   Gallacher, J
   Sampson, JR
   Shen, MH
AF Yang, Jian
   Kalogerou, Maria
   Gallacher, John
   Sampson, Julian R.
   Shen, Ming Hong
TI Renal tumours in a Tsc1(+/-) mouse model show epigenetic suppression of
   organic cation transporters Slc22a1, Slc22a2 and Slc22a3, and do not
   respond to metformin
SO EUROPEAN JOURNAL OF CANCER
AB Metformin, a substrate of several poly-specific organic cation
   transporters, is a widely used biguanide for the treatment of type II
   diabetes. Recent studies suggest that metformin attenuates mTORC1
   signalling by the activation of 5' adenosine monophosphate-activated
   protein kinase (AMPK) in the presence or absence of a functional
   hamartin/tuberin (TSC1/TSC2) complex. Metformin has also been reported
   to inhibit mTORC1 independent of AMPK through p53-dependent regulated in
   development and DNA damage responses 1 (REDD1) or by inhibiting Rag
   GTPases. These observations suggest that metformin could have
   therapeutic potential for tuberous sclerosis, an inherited disorder
   characterised by the aberrant activation of mTORC1 and the development
   of tumours in many organs, including the kidneys. In this study, we
   investigated the effect of metformin on renal lesions in a Tsc1(+/-)
   mouse model of tuberous sclerosis. Continuous treatment of metformin for
   9 months at doses of up to 600 mg/kg/day had no significant effect on
   renal lesions in nine treated mice compared to 10 controls. Metformin
   treatment appeared to attenuate mTORC1 signalling in Tsc1(+/-) kidney
   tissues but not in renal tumours. Surprisingly, the expression of the
   organic cation transporters Slc22a1, Slc22a2 and Slc22a3 essential for
   the cellular uptake of metformin was highly suppressed in renal tumours.
   Treatment of cultured cells derived from a Tsc1-associated renal tumour
   with 5-aza-2-deoxycytidine or trichostatin A greatly increased the
   expression of these genes. These data suggest that the epigenetic
   suppression of the organic cation transporters in Tsc-associated mouse
   renal tumours may contribute to the lack of response to metformin
   treatment. (C) 2012 Elsevier Ltd. All rights reserved.
SN 0959-8049
PD APR
PY 2013
VL 49
IS 6
BP 1479
EP 1490
UT CCC:000317188600032
ER

PT J
AU Ye, F
   Tang, ZY
   Wu, JC
   Yang, Y
   Tian, XL
   Huang, JJ
   Zhang, SS
   Ning, G
AF Ye, Fei
   Tang, Zheng-Yi
   Wu, Jing-Cheng
   Yang, Yang
   Tian, Xiu-Li
   Huang, Jia-Jia
   Zhang, Shan-Shan
   Ning, Guang
TI Hormones Other Than Aldosterone May Contribute to Hypertension in 3
   Different Subtypes of Primary Aldosteronism
SO JOURNAL OF CLINICAL HYPERTENSION
AB Blood pressure (BP) level is similar in patients with 3 subtypes of
   primary aldosteronism (PA), even though aldosterone levels may vary.
   Glucocorticoids and adrenomedullary hormones may be influenced and may
   contribute to hypertension in PA. The authors' objective was to
   investigate the influence of PA on adrenal gland secretion and the roles
   of these hormones in hypertension. Patients diagnosed with PA (229
   cases) were enrolled and classified into 3 subgroups:
   aldosterone-producing adenoma (APA), unilateral nodular adrenal
   hyperplasia (UNAH), and idiopathic hyperaldosteronism (IHA). Patients
   with essential hypertension served as the control group (100 cases).
   Concentration of the above hormones was measured and compared between
   groups. Level of plasma adrenocorticotrophic hormone (ACTH) in patients
   with APA was significantly lower than that in patients with IHA (P<.001)
   and UNAH (P<0.5). The 24-hour urinary free cortisol and adrenomedullary
   hormone levels were highest in patients with IHA, lower in patients with
   APA, and lowest in patients with UNAH. Systolic BP level was positively
   correlated with 8 am plasma cortisol level (r=0.142, P=.039) and plasma
   ACTH level (r=0.383, P=.016). Cortisol and adrenomedullary hormones were
   different between PA subtypes and they might involve regulation of BP in
   those patients.
SN 1524-6175
PD APR
PY 2013
VL 15
IS 4
BP 264
EP 269
UT CCC:000317135700008
ER

PT J
AU Yoriki, H
   Naito, Y
   Takagi, T
   Mizusima, K
   Hirai, Y
   Harusato, A
   Yamada, S
   Tsuji, T
   Kugai, M
   Fukui, A
   Higashimura, Y
   Katada, K
   Kamada, K
   Uchiyama, K
   Handa, O
   Yagi, N
   Ichikawa, H
   Yosikawa, T
AF Yoriki, Hiroyuki
   Naito, Yuji
   Takagi, Tomohisa
   Mizusima, Katsura
   Hirai, Yasuko
   Harusato, Akihito
   Yamada, Shinya
   Tsuji, Toshifumi
   Kugai, Munehiro
   Fukui, Akifumi
   Higashimura, Yasuki
   Katada, Kazuhiko
   Kamada, Kazuhiro
   Uchiyama, Kazuhiko
   Handa, Osamu
   Yagi, Nobuaki
   Ichikawa, Hiroshi
   Yosikawa, Toshikazu
TI Hemin ameliorates indomethacin-induced small intestinal injury in mice
   through the induction of heme oxygenase-1
SO JOURNAL OF GASTROENTEROLOGY AND HEPATOLOGY
AB Background and Aim Although non-steroidal anti-inflammatory drugs can
   induce intestinal injury, the mechanisms are not fully understood, and
   treatment has yet to be established. Heme oxygenase-1 (HO-1) has
   recently gained attention for anti-inflammatory and cytoprotective
   effects. This study aimed to investigate the effects of hemin, an HO-1
   inducer, on indomethacin-induced enteritis in mice. Methods Enteritis
   was induced by single subcutaneous administration of indomethacin
   (10mg/kg) in male C57BL/6 mice. Hemin (30mg/kg) was administered by
   intraperitoneal administration 6h before indomethacin administration.
   Mice were randomly divided into four groups: (i) sham+vehicle; (ii)
   sham+hemin; (iii) indomethacin+vehicle; or (iv) indomethacin+hemin.
   Enteritis was evaluated by measuring ulcerative lesions. Myeloperoxidase
   activity was measured as an index of neutrophil accumulation. The mRNA
   expression of inflammatory cytokines and chemokines, such as tumor
   necrosis factor-, monocyte chemoattractant protein-1, macrophage
   inflammatory protein-1, and keratinocyte chemoattractant, were analyzed
   by real-time polymerase chain reaction. Results The area of ulcerative
   lesions, myeloperoxidase activity, and mRNA expression of inflammatory
   cytokines and chemokines were significantly increased in mice
   administrated with indomethacin compared with vehicle-treated sham mice.
   Development of intestinal lesions, increased levels of myeloperoxidase
   activities, and mRNA expressions of inflammatory cytokines and
   chemokines were significantly suppressed in mice treated with hemin
   compared with vehicle-treated mice. Protective effects of hemin were
   reversed by co-administration of tin protoporphyrin, an HO-1 inhibitor.
   Conclusions Induction of HO-1 by hemin inhibits indomethacin-induced
   intestinal injury through upregulation of HO-1. Pharmacological
   induction of HO-1 may offer a novel therapeutic strategy to prevent
   indomethacin-induced small intestinal injury.
SN 0815-9319
PD APR
PY 2013
VL 28
IS 4
BP 632
EP 638
UT CCC:000316817300008
ER

PT J
AU Yoshida, N
   Nishikori, M
   Izumi, T
   Imaizumi, Y
   Sawayama, Y
   Niino, D
   Tashima, M
   Hoshi, S
   Ohshima, K
   Shimoyama, M
   Seto, M
   Tsukasaki, K
AF Yoshida, Noriaki
   Nishikori, Momoko
   Izumi, Tohru
   Imaizumi, Yoshitaka
   Sawayama, Yasushi
   Niino, Daisuke
   Tashima, Masaharu
   Hoshi, Sayuri
   Ohshima, Koichi
   Shimoyama, Masanori
   Seto, Masao
   Tsukasaki, Kunihiro
TI Primary peripheral T-cell lymphoma, not otherwise specified of the
   thyroid with autoimmune thyroiditis
SO BRITISH JOURNAL OF HAEMATOLOGY
AB Primary peripheral T-cell lymphoma, not otherwise specified (PTCL-NOS)
   of the thyroid is an extremely rare neoplasm. Six cases of primary
   PTCL-NOS of the thyroid were analysed for clinicopathological features
   and genomic alteration patterns using oligo-array comparative genomic
   hybridization. All patients had a diffusely enlarged thyroid and three
   cases showed leukaemic manifestation. Five of the six cases had
   anti-thyroid antibodies and the remaining case showed hypothyroidism,
   suggesting that all cases had autoimmune thyroiditis. Except for one
   early relapsed case, the remaining five patients are alive and three of
   these five individuals have survived for 70months or more.
   Interestingly, two cases showed spontaneous regressions after partial
   thyroid biopsy without any therapy. Leukaemic manifestation disappeared
   after irradiation of the thyroid mass in another two cases. The tumour
   cells were positive for CD3, CD4 and CXCR3 in all cases, suggesting that
   the tumour cells are of a type 1 helper T-cell origin. All six cases
   showed genomic alterations that were different from those previously
   reported for PTCL-NOS. The loss of 6q24 center dot 2 was characteristic
   and was detected in four of the six cases. These results suggest that
   primary PTCL-NOS of the thyroid arising from autoimmune thyroiditis is a
   distinct disease entity among heterogeneous PTCL-NOS.
SN 0007-1048
PD APR
PY 2013
VL 161
IS 2
BP 214
EP 223
UT CCC:000317124200009
ER

PT J
AU Zhan, SH
   Lukens, L
AF Zhan, Shuhua
   Lukens, Lewis
TI Protein-Coding cis-Natural Antisense Transcripts Have High and Broad
   Expression in Arabidopsis
SO PLANT PHYSIOLOGY
AB Pairs of genes within eukaryotic genomes are often located on opposite
   DNA strands such that transcription generates cis-natural sense
   antisense transcripts (cis-NATs). This orientation of genes has been
   associated with the biogenesis of splice variants and natural antisense
   small RNAs. Here, in an analysis of currently available data, we report
   that within Arabidopsis (Arabidopsis thaliana), protein-coding cis-NATs
   are also characterized by high abundance, high coexpression, and broad
   expression. Our results suggest that a permissive chromatin environment
   may have led to the proximity of these genes. Compared with other genes,
   cis-NAT-encoding genes have enriched low-nucleosome-density regions,
   high levels of histone H3 lysine-9 acetylation, and low levels of H3
   lysine-27 trimethylation. Promoters associated with broadly expressed
   genes are preferentially found in the 59 regulatory sequences of
   cis-NAT-encoding genes. Our results further suggest that natural
   antisense small RNA production from cis-NATs is limited. Small RNAs
   sequenced from natural antisense small RNA biogenesis mutants including
   dcl1, dcl2, dcl3, and rdr6 map to cis-NATs as frequently as small RNAs
   sequenced from wild-type plants. Future work will investigate if the
   positive transcriptional regulation of overlapping protein-coding genes
   contributes to the prevalence of these genes within other eukaryotic
   genomes.
SN 0032-0889
PD APR
PY 2013
VL 161
IS 4
BP 2171
EP 2180
UT CCC:000316987900046
ER

PT J
AU Zheng, QL
   Zheng, YM
   Perry, SE
AF Zheng, Qiaolin
   Zheng, Yumei
   Perry, Sharyn E.
TI AGAMOUS-Like15 Promotes Somatic Embryogenesis in Arabidopsis and Soybean
   in Part by the Control of Ethylene Biosynthesis and Response
SO PLANT PHYSIOLOGY
AB Many of the regulatory processes occurring during plant embryogenesis
   are still unknown. Relatively few cells are involved, and they are
   embedded within maternal tissues, making this developmental phase
   difficult to study. Somatic embryogenesis is a more accessible system,
   and many important regulatory genes appear to function similar to
   zygotic development, making somatic embryogenesis a valuable model for
   the study of zygotic processes. To better understand the role of the
   Arabidopsis (Arabidopsis thaliana) MADS factor AGAMOUS-Like15 (AGL15) in
   the promotion of somatic embryogenesis, direct target genes were
   identified by chromatin immunoprecipitation-tiling arrays and expression
   arrays. One potential directly up-regulated target was At5g61590, which
   encodes a member of the ethylene response factor subfamily B-3 of
   APETALA2/ETHYLENE RESPONSE FACTOR transcription factors and is related
   to Medicago truncatula SOMATIC EMBRYO-RELATED FACTOR1 (MtSERF1), which
   has been shown to be required for somatic embryogenesis in M.
   truncatula. Here, we report confirmation that At5g61590 is a directly
   expressed target of AGL15 and that At5g61590 is essential for AGL15's
   promotion of somatic embryogenesis. Because At5g61590 is a member of the
   ETHYLENE RESPONSE FACTOR family, effects of ethylene on somatic
   embryogenesis were investigated. Precursors to ethylene stimulate
   somatic embryogenesis, whereas inhibitors of ethylene synthesis or
   perception reduce somatic embryogenesis. To extend findings to a crop
   plant, we investigated the effects of ethylene on somatic embryogenesis
   in soybean (Glycine max). Furthermore, we found that a potential
   ortholog of AGL15 in soybean (GmAGL15) up-regulates ethylene
   biosynthesis and response, including direct regulation of soybean
   orthologs of At5g61590/MtSERF1 named here GmSERF1 and GmSERF2, in
   concordance with the M. truncatula nomenclature.
SN 0032-0889
PD APR
PY 2013
VL 161
IS 4
BP 2113
EP 2127
UT CCC:000316987900041
ER

PT J
AU Zhu, YH
   Fu, L
   Chen, LL
   Qin, YR
   Liu, HB
   Xie, FJ
   Zeng, TT
   Dong, SS
   Li, JC
   Li, Y
   Dai, YD
   Xie, D
   Guan, XY
AF Zhu, Ying-Hui
   Fu, Li
   Chen, Leilei
   Qin, Yan-Ru
   Liu, Haibo
   Xie, Fajun
   Zeng, Tingting
   Dong, Sui-Sui
   Li, Jiangchao
   Li, Yan
   Dai, Yongdong
   Xie, Dan
   Guan, Xin-Yuan
TI Downregulation of the Novel Tumor Suppressor DIRAS1 Predicts Poor
   Prognosis in Esophageal Squamous Cell Carcinoma
SO CANCER RESEARCH
AB Loss of chromosome 19p is one of the most frequent allelic imbalances in
   esophageal squamous cell carcinoma (ESCC), suggesting the existence of
   one or more tumor suppressor genes within this region. In this study, we
   investigated a role in ESCCs for a candidate tumor suppressor gene
   located at 19p13.3, the Ras-like small GTPase DIRAS1. Downregulation of
   DIRAS1 occurred in approximately 50% of primary ESCCs where it was
   associated significantly with advanced clinical stage, lymph node
   metastasis, and poor overall survival. LOH and promoter methylation
   analyses suggested that loss of DIRAS1 expression was mediated by
   epigenetic mechanisms. Functional studies established that ectopic
   re-expression of DIRAS1 in ESCC cells inhibited cell proliferation,
   clonogenicity, cell motility, and tumor formation. Mechanistic
   investigations suggested that DIRAS1 acted through extracellular
   signal-regulated kinase (ERK1/2; MAPK3/1) and p38 mitogen-activated
   protein kinase (MAPK; MAPK14) signaling to trigger BAD Ser112
   dephosphorylation and matrix metalloproteinase (MMP)2/9 transcriptional
   inactivation to promote apoptosis and inhibit metastasis, respectively.
   Taken together, our results revealed that DIRAS1 has a pivotal function
   in ESCC pathogenesis, with possible use as a biomarker and intervention
   point for new therapeutic strategies. Cancer Res; 73(7); 2298-309. (C)
   2013 AACR.
SN 0008-5472
PD APR
PY 2013
VL 73
IS 7
BP 2298
EP 2309
UT CCC:000316995600027
ER

PT J
AU Slavikova, B
   Bujons, J
   Matyas, L
   Vidal, M
   Babot, Z
   Kristofikova, Z
   Sunol, C
   Kasal, A
AF Slavikova, Barbora
   Bujons, Jordi
   Matyas, Libor
   Vidal, Miguel
   Babot, Zoila
   Kristofikova, Zdena
   Sunol, Cristina
   Kasal, Alexander
TI Allopregnanolone and Pregnanolone Analogues Modified in the C Ring:
   Synthesis and Activity
SO JOURNAL OF MEDICINAL CHEMISTRY
AB (25R)-3 beta-Hydroxy-5 alpha-spirostan-12-one (hecogenin) and 11
   alpha-hydroxypregn-4-ene-3,20-dione (11 alpha-hydroxyprogesterone) were
   used as starting materials for the synthesis of a series of 11- and
   12-substituted derivatives of 5 xi-pregnanolone (3 alpha-hydroxy-5
   alpha-pregnan-20-one and 3 alpha-hydroxy-5 beta-pregnan-20-one), the
   principal neurosteroid acting via gamma-aminobutyric acid (GABA). These
   analogues were designed to study the structural requirements of the
   corresponding GABA(A) receptor. Their biological activity was measured
   by in vitro test with [H-3]flunitrazepam as radio-ligand in which
   allopregnanolone and its active analogues stimulated the binding to the
   GABA(A) receptor. Analysis of the SAR data suggests dependence of the
   flunitrazepam binding activity on the hydrophobic-hydrophilic balance of
   the groups at the C-ring edge rather than on specific interactions
   between them and the receptor.
SN 0022-2623
PD MAR
PY 2013
VL 56
IS 6
BP 2323
EP 2336
UT CCC:000317032200013
ER

PT J
AU Jung, GS
   Pabst, M
   Neumann, L
   Berger, A
   Lubec, G
AF Jung, Gangsoo
   Pabst, Martin
   Neumann, Laura
   Berger, Angelika
   Lubec, Gert
TI Characterization of alpha-L-Iduronidase (Aldurazyme (R)) and its
   complexes
SO JOURNAL OF PROTEOMICS
AB Alpha-L-Iduronidase(IDUA) was the first enzyme replacement therapy
   approved for mucopolysaccharidosis type I and the corresponding
   recombinant protein drug, Aldurazyme (R), is commercially available. In
   the frame of gel-based mass spectrometrical characterization of protein
   drugs, we intended to identify protein sequence and possible protein
   modifications. Moreover, we were interested in which aggregation/complex
   form Aldurazyme (R) would exist, which complexes were enzymatically
   active and in which form the naturally occurring enzyme would be present
   in the brain. Aldurazyme (R) was run on 2DE gel electrophoresis, spots
   were excised, in-gel digested with several proteases and identified by
   nano-LC-ESI-MS/MS on an ion trap. IDUA-activity was determined by a
   fluorometric principle. Blue-native gel electrophoresis with subsequent
   immunoblotting was carried out to show the presence of protein
   complexes.
   The protein was unambiguously identified by 100% sequence coverage;
   several amino acid substitutions were detected and protein modifications
   were novel phosphorylations on S59 and S482, histidine methylation at
   H572 and provide evidence for already known N-glycosylations. Four
   Aldurazyme (R) complexes that all were enzymatically active, were
   observed while a single complex was observed for the physiologically
   occurring IDUA in the brain.
   The findings are relevant for understanding chemistry, physiology,
   pharmacology and medicine of IDUA, design of further and interpretation
   of previous work. (C) 2012 Elsevier B.V. All rights reserved.
SN 1874-3919
PD MAR
PY 2013
VL 80
BP 26
EP 33
UT CCC:000317544700002
ER

PT J
AU Lakowski, TM
   Szeitz, A
   Pak, ML
   Thomas, D
   Vhuiyan, MI
   Kotthaus, J
   Clement, B
   Frankel, A
AF Lakowski, Ted M.
   Szeitz, Andras
   Pak, Magnolia L.
   Thomas, Dylan
   Vhuiyan, Mynol I.
   Kotthaus, Joscha
   Clement, Bernd
   Frankel, Adam
TI MS3 fragmentation patterns of monomethylarginine species and the
   quantification of all methylarginine species in yeast using MRM3
SO JOURNAL OF PROTEOMICS
AB Protein arginine methylation is one of the epigenetic modifications to
   proteins that is studied in yeast and is known to be involved in a
   number of human diseases. All eukaryotes produce N
   eta-monomethylarginine (eta MMA), asymmetric N eta 1, N eta
   1-dimethylarginine (aDMA), and most produce symmetric N eta 1, N eta
   2-dimethylarginine (sDMA) on proteins, but only yeast produce N
   delta-monomethylarginine (delta MMA). It has proven difficult to
   differentiate among all of these methylarginines using mass
   spectrometry. Accordingly, we demonstrated that the two forms of MMA
   have indistinguishable primary product ion spectra. However, the
   secondary product ion spectra of delta MMA and eta MMA exhibited
   distinct patterns of ions. Using incorporation of deuterated
   methyl-groups in yeast, we determined which secondary product ions were
   methylated and their structures. Utilizing distinct secondary product
   ions, a triple quadrupole multiple reaction monitoring cubed (MRM3)
   assay was developed to measure delta MMA, eta MMA, sDMA and aDMA derived
   from hydrolyzed protein. As a proof-of-concept, delta MMA and eta MMA
   were measured using the MRM3 method in wild type and mutant strains of
   Saccharomyces cerevisiae and compared to the total MMA measured using an
   existing assay. The MRM3 assay represents the only method to directly
   quantify delta MMA and the only method to simultaneously quantify all
   yeast methylarginines. (C) 2013 Elsevier B.V. All rights reserved.
SN 1874-3919
PD MAR
PY 2013
VL 80
BP 43
EP 54
UT CCC:000317544700004
ER

PT J
AU Schirmer, U
   Fiegl, H
   Pfeifer, M
   Zeimet, AG
   Muller-Holzner, E
   Bode, PK
   Tischler, V
   Altevogt, P
AF Schirmer, Uwe
   Fiegl, Heidi
   Pfeifer, Marco
   Zeimet, Alain G.
   Mueller-Holzner, Elisabeth
   Bode, Peter K.
   Tischler, Verena
   Altevogt, Peter
TI Epigenetic regulation of L1CAM in endometrial carcinoma: comparison to
   cancer-testis (CT-X) antigens
SO BMC CANCER
AB Background: L1CAM was originally identified as an adhesion molecule
   involved in neural development. In many human carcinomas L1CAM is
   over-expressed and is associated with a bad prognosis. We previously
   reported that L1CAM was absent in the vast majority of endometrioid
   endometrial carcinomas (ECs) (type 1) but was strongly expressed in the
   more aggressive serous and clear-cell ECs (termed type 2). The
   differential regulation of L1CAM in ECs is not well understood. Recent
   evidence suggests that it can be regulated by epigenetic mechanisms.
   Here we investigated the role of DNA-methylation of the L1CAM promoter
   for expression. We also studied the relationship to cancer testis (CT-X)
   antigens that co-localize with L1CAM on chromosome Xq28, a region that
   is often activated in human tumors.
   Methods: We used EC cell lines and primary tumor tissues for our
   analysis. For expression analysis we employed RT-PCR and Western
   blotting. DNA-Methylation of the L1CAM promoter was determined after
   bisulfite conversation and DNA sequencing. Tumor tissues were examined
   by immunohistochemical (IHC) staining.
   Results: We demonstrate that the treatment of L1CAM low/negative
   expressing EC cell lines with 5'-Azacytidine (5-AzaC) or knock-down of
   DNMT1 (DNA methyltransferase 1) as well as the HDAC (histone
   deacetylase) inhibitor Trichostatin A (TSA) up-regulated L1CAM at the
   mRNA and protein level. The L1CAM gene has two promoter regions with two
   distinct CpG islands. We observed that the expression of L1CAM
   correlated with hypermethylation in promoter 1 and 5-AzaC treatment
   affected the DNA-methylation pattern in this region. The CT-X antigens
   NY-ESO-1, MAGE-A3 and MAGE-A4 were also strongly up-regulated by 5-AzaC
   or knock-down of DNMT1 but did not respond to treatment with TSA.
   Primary EC tumor tissues showed a variable methylation pattern of the
   L1CAM promoter. No striking differences in promoter methylation were
   observed between tumor areas with L1CAM expression and those without
   expression.
   Conclusions: L1CAM expression correlated with methylation of the L1CAM
   promoter in EC cell lines. In negative cell lines L1CAM expression is
   up-regulated by epigenetic mechanism. Although genes localized on Xq28
   are often re-expressed by human tumors, L1CAM and CT-X antigens show
   distinct regulation in response to HADC inhibitors and 5-AzaC.
SN 1471-2407
PD MAR
PY 2013
VL 13
BP 156
EP 156
UT CCC:000317398100001
ER

PT J
AU Xing, MZ
   Haugen, BR
   Schlumberger, M
AF Xing, Mingzhao
   Haugen, Bryan R.
   Schlumberger, Martin
TI Progress in molecular-based management of differentiated thyroid cancer
SO LANCET
AB Substantial developments have occurred in the past 5-10 years in
   clinical translational research of thyroid cancer. Diagnostic molecular
   markers, such as RET-PTC, RAS, and BRAF(V600E) mutations; galectin 3;
   and a new gene expression classifier, are outstanding examples that have
   improved diagnosis of thyroid nodules. BRAF mutation is a prognostic
   genetic marker that has improved risk stratification and hence tailored
   management of patients with thyroid cancer, including those with
   conventionally low risks. Novel molecular-targeted treatments hold great
   promise for radioiodine-refractory and surgically inoperable thyroid
   cancers as shown in clinical trials; such treatments are likely to
   become a component of the standard treatment regimen for patients with
   thyroid cancer in the near future. These novel molecular-based
   management strategies for thyroid nodules and thyroid cancer are the
   most exciting developments in this unprecedented era of molecular
   thyroid-cancer medicine.
SN 0140-6736
PD MAR
PY 2013
VL 381
IS 9871
BP 1058
EP 1069
UT CCC:000316936800035
ER

PT J
AU [Anonymous]
AF [Anonymous]
TI Differentiated thyroid cancer: getting the complete picture
SO LANCET
SN 0140-6736
PD MAR
PY 2013
VL 381
IS 9871
BP 964
EP 964
UT CCC:000316936800003
ER

PT J
AU Hayakawa, K
   Ikeya, M
   Fukuta, M
   Woltjen, K
   Tamaki, S
   Takahara, N
   Kato, T
   Sato, S
   Otsuka, T
   Toguchida, J
AF Hayakawa, Kazuo
   Ikeya, Makoto
   Fukuta, Makoto
   Woltjen, Knut
   Tamaki, Sakura
   Takahara, Naoko
   Kato, Tomohisa, Jr.
   Sato, Shingo
   Otsuka, Takanobu
   Toguchida, Junya
TI Identification of target genes of synovial sarcoma-associated fusion
   oncoprotein using human pluripotent stem cells
SO BIOCHEMICAL AND BIOPHYSICAL RESEARCH COMMUNICATIONS
AB Synovial sarcoma (SS) is a malignant soft tissue tumor harboring
   chromosomal translocation t(X; 18)(p11.2; q11.2), which produces
   SS-specific fusion gene, SYT-SSX. Although precise function of SYT-SSX
   remains to be investigated, accumulating evidences suggest its role in
   gene regulation via epigenetic mechanisms, and the product of SYT-SSX
   target genes may serve as biomarkers of SS. Lack of knowledge about the
   cell-of-origin of SS, however, has placed obstacle in the way of target
   identification. Here we report a novel approach to identify SYT-SSX2
   target genes using human pluripotent stem cells (hPSCs) containing a
   doxycycline-inducible SYT-SSX2 gene. SYT-SSX2 was efficiently induced
   both at mRNA and protein levels within three hours after doxycycline
   administration, while no morphological change of hPSCs was observed
   until 24 h. Serial microarray analyses identified genes of which the
   expression level changed more than twofold within 24 h. Surprisingly,
   the majority (297/312, 95.2%) were up-regulated genes and a result
   inconsistent with the current concept of SYT-SSX as a transcriptional
   repressor. Comparing these genes with SS-related genes which were
   selected by a series of in silico analyses, 49 and 2 genes were finally
   identified as candidates of up- and down-regulated target of SYT-SSX,
   respectively. Association of these genes with SYT-SSX in SS cells was
   confirmed by knockdown experiments. Expression profiles of SS-related
   genes in hPSCs and human mesenchymal stem cells (hMSCs) were strikingly
   different in response to the induction of SYT-SSX, and more than half of
   SYT-SSX target genes in hPSCs were not induced in hMSCs. These results
   suggest the importance of cellular context for correct understanding of
   SYT-SSX function, and demonstrated how our new system will help to
   overcome this issue. (C) 2013 Elsevier Inc. All rights reserved.
SN 0006-291X
PD MAR
PY 2013
VL 432
IS 4
BP 713
EP 719
UT CCC:000317090700029
ER

PT J
AU Nishigaki, M
   Kawada, Y
   Misaki, T
   Murata, K
   Goshima, T
   Hirokawa, T
   Yamada, C
   Shimada, M
   Nakanishi, M
AF Nishigaki, Makoto
   Kawada, Yu
   Misaki, Toshinori
   Murata, Kazuhiro
   Goshima, Takahiro
   Hirokawa, Takahisa
   Yamada, Chisato
   Shimada, Midori
   Nakanishi, Makoto
TI Mitotic phosphorylation of MPP8 by cyclin-dependent kinases regulates
   chromatin dissociation
SO BIOCHEMICAL AND BIOPHYSICAL RESEARCH COMMUNICATIONS
AB Repressive epigenetic modifications, DNA methylation at CpG sites and
   histone H3 lysine 9 (H3K9) methylation, are enriched in heterochromatin,
   which undergoes drastic changes in structure during mitosis. MPP8 (M
   phase phosphoprotein 8) has been proposed to regulate positive
   association between these two repressive modifications, but actual
   involvement of this protein in changes in the heterochromatin structure
   during mitosis remains elusive. We demonstrate here that MPP8
   predominantly localized to, but dissociated from, chromatin during
   interphase and early mitosis, respectively. Chromatin dissociation from
   MPP8 appeared to correlate with the phosphorylation status of MPP8.
   Experiments using inhibitors of various mitotic kinases demonstrated
   that the chromatin dissociation of MPP8 during metaphase to anaphase was
   specifically regulated by cyclin B1-Cdk1. Indeed, cyclin B1 -Cdkl
   effectively phosphorylated MPP8 in vitro and on STA mutant of MPP8 (all
   possible sites phosphorylated by Cdk were substituted by alanine) failed
   to dissociate from chromatin during early mitosis. Taken together, our
   results indicate that the chromatin association of MPP8 is regulated by
   Cdk-dependent phosphorylation. (C) 2013 Elsevier Inc. All rights
   reserved.
SN 0006-291X
PD MAR
PY 2013
VL 432
IS 4
BP 654
EP 659
UT CCC:000317090700019
ER

PT J
AU Wei, ZR
   Chen, X
   Chen, J
   Wang, WM
   Xu, XD
   Cai, QP
AF Wei, Ziran
   Chen, Xia
   Chen, Ji
   Wang, Weimin
   Xu, Xudong
   Cai, Qingping
TI RASSF10 is epigenetically silenced and functions as a tumor suppressor
   in gastric cancer
SO BIOCHEMICAL AND BIOPHYSICAL RESEARCH COMMUNICATIONS
AB Ras association domain family (RASSF) proteins are encoded by several
   tumor suppressor genes that are frequently silenced in human cancers. In
   this study, we investigated RASSF10 as a target of epigenetic
   inactivation and examined its functions as a tumor suppressor in gastric
   cancer. RASSF10 was silenced in six out of eight gastric cancer cell
   lines. Loss or downregulation of RASSF1 0 expression was associated with
   promoter hypermethylation, and could be restored by a demethylating
   agent. Overexpression of RASSF10 in gastric cancer cell lines (JRST,
   BGC823) suppressed cell growth and colony formation, and induced
   apoptosis, whereas RASSF10 depletion promoted cell growth. In xenograft
   animal experiments, RASSF1 0 overexpression effectively repressed tumor
   growth. Mechanistic investigations revealed that RASSF10 inhibited tumor
   growth by blocking activation of B-catenin and its downstream targets
   including c-Myc, CyclinD1, cyclinE1, peroxisome proliferator-activated
   receptor 8, transcription factor 4, transcription factor 1 and CD44. In
   conclusion, the results of this study provide insight into the role of
   RASSF10 as a novel functional tumor suppressor in gastric cancer through
   inhibition of the Wnt/beta-catenin signaling pathway. (C) 2013 Elsevier
   Inc. All rights reserved.
SN 0006-291X
PD MAR
PY 2013
VL 432
IS 4
BP 632
EP 637
UT CCC:000317090700015
ER

PT J
AU Wen, AY
   Guo, A
   Chen, YL
AF Wen, Aiyun
   Guo, Abra
   Chen, Yulong L.
TI Mu-opioid signaling modulates biphasic expression of TrkB and haat genes
   and neurite outgrowth in differentiating and differentiated human
   neuroblastoma cells
SO BIOCHEMICAL AND BIOPHYSICAL RESEARCH COMMUNICATIONS
AB Chronic opioid exposure leads to changes in gene expression (functional
   changes), resulting in structural changes in neural circuits that are
   linked to eventually behavioral changes. Little is known about the
   cellular and molecular mechanisms of how such changes occur. In this
   study, we found that mu-opioid [D-Ala(2), N-Me-Phe(4),
   G1y(5)-ol]-enkephalin (DAMGO) and morphine exposure led to dynamic
   changes in neural differentiation- and growth-associated genes, I kappa
   B alpha and NTRK2 (TrkB), in differentiating and differentiated human
   neuroblastoma SH-SYSY cells. Chromatin immunoprecipitation-polymerase
   chain reaction (ChIP-PCR) analysis revealed that binding of NF-kappa
   B/p65 to the I kappa B alpha promoter in living cells was temporally
   altered when the cells were exposed to morphine. The changes in gene
   expression correlated with the changes in neurite length of the
   RA-differentiating and RA-differentiated neuron-like cells. Our findings
   for the first time showed that TrkB signaling and NF-kappa B/I kappa B
   alpha signaling temporally correlated with each other in response to
   single-dose and repeated mu-opioid treatment in differentiating and
   differentiated human neuron-like cells. The findings from this human
   cell study in vitro indicate that both relatively high single-dose and
   chronic opioid exposure may induce the structural changes in the
   developing human brain and the adult brain by altering the expression of
   neuronal differentiation- and neurite outgrowth-related genes I kappa Ba
   and TrkB in vivo. (C) 2013 Elsevier Inc. All rights reserved.
SN 0006-291X
PD MAR
PY 2013
VL 432
IS 4
BP 638
EP 642
UT CCC:000317090700016
ER

PT J
AU Zhu, L
   Xu, PC
AF Zhu, Lin
   Xu, Pei-Cheng
TI Downregulated LncRNA-ANCR promotes osteoblast differentiation by
   targeting EZH2 and regulating Runx2 expression
SO BIOCHEMICAL AND BIOPHYSICAL RESEARCH COMMUNICATIONS
AB Long noncoding RNAs (IncRNAs) are key regulators of diverse biological
   processes such as transcriptional regulation, cell growth and
   differentiation. Previous studies have demonstrated that the.1ncRNA-ANCR
   (anti-differentiation ncRNA) is required to maintain the
   undifferentiated cell state within the epidermis. However, little is
   known about whether ANCR regulates osteoblast differentiation. In this
   study, we found that the ANCR expression level is significantly
   decreased during hFOB1.19 cell differentiation. ANCR-siR-NA blocks the
   expression of endogenous ANCR, resulting in osteoblast differentiation,
   whereas ANCR overexpression is sufficient to inhibit osteoblast
   differentiation. We further demonstrated that ANCR is associated with
   enhancer of zeste homolog 2 (EZH2) and that this association results in
   the inhibition of both Runx2 expression and subsequent osteoblast
   differentiation. These data suggest that ANCR is an essential mediator
   of osteoblast differentiation, thus offering a new target for the
   development of therapeutic agents to treat bone diseases. (C) 2013
   Elsevier Inc. All rights reserved.
SN 0006-291X
PD MAR
PY 2013
VL 432
IS 4
BP 612
EP 617
UT CCC:000317090700012
ER

PT J
AU Chen, J
   Tran, UM
   Rajarajacholan, U
   Thalappilly, S
   Riabowol, K
AF Chen, J.
   Tran, U. M.
   Rajarajacholan, U.
   Thalappilly, S.
   Riabowol, K.
TI ING1b-inducible microRNA203 inhibits cell proliferation
SO BRITISH JOURNAL OF CANCER
AB Background: The ING family of type II tumour suppressors serve as both
   epigenetic 'readers' and target histone acetyl transferase (HAT) and
   histone deacetylase (HDAC) 'writers' of the epigenetic histone code. The
   ING1 protein has also been implicated in regulating microRNA (miRNA)
   levels. In this study, we identify a link between ING1b and the miRNA
   epigenetic network.
   Methods: Primary fibroblasts infected with adenoviruses expressing GFP
   control or GFP plus ING1b were examined for alterations in miRNA
   profiles using a miRNA PCR array. Additional experiments confirmed
   specificity and consequences of altered miRNA expression.
   Results: MicroRNAs miR-203, miR-375, miR-449b and miR-200c were
   increased by ING1b overexpression. Ectopic expression of miR-203
   inhibited U2OS and MDA-MB-231 cancer cell growth, and induced G1 cell
   cycle arrest in U2OS cells as estimated by flow cytometry. Transfection
   with miR-203 inhibitor reversed the proliferation inhibition induced by
   ING1b in U2OS cells. CHIP assays showed that ING1b bound to the promoter
   of miR-203. Western blot analyses showed that CDK6, c-Abl and Src were
   downregulated by the transfection of miR-203.
   Conclusion: These results indicate that ING1b epigenetically regulates
   several miRNAs including miR-203. The several-fold increase in miR-203
   by ING1b might inhibit cancer cell proliferation through coordinate
   downregulation of CDK6, c-Abl and Src.
SN 0007-0920
PD MAR
PY 2013
VL 108
IS 5
BP 1143
EP 1148
UT CCC:000317038100019
ER

PT J
AU Gaist, D
   Garcia-Rodriguez, LA
   Sorensen, HT
   Hallas, J
   Friis, S
AF Gaist, D.
   Garcia-Rodriguez, L. A.
   Sorensen, H. T.
   Hallas, J.
   Friis, S.
TI Use of low-dose aspirin and non-aspirin nonsteroidal anti-inflammatory
   drugs and risk of glioma: a case-control study
SO BRITISH JOURNAL OF CANCER
AB Background: Few studies have examined the association between use of
   aspirin or other non-steroidal anti-inflammatory drugs (NSAIDs) and risk
   of glioma and the results have been equivocal. We therefore investigated
   the influence of NSAID use on glioma risk in a nationwide setting.
   Methods: We used national registries in Denmark to identify all patients
   aged 20-85 years with a first diagnosis of histologically verified
   glioma during 2000-2009. Each case was matched on birth year and sex to
   eight population controls using risk-set sampling. We used prescription
   data to assess NSAID use and classified exposure to low-dose aspirin or
   non-aspirin (NA) NSAIDs into ever use or long-term use, defined as
   continuous use for >= 5 years. Conditional logistic regression was used
   to compute odds ratios (ORs), with 95% confidence intervals (CIs), for
   glioma associated with NSAID use, adjusted for potential confounders.
   Results: A total of 2688 glioma cases and 18 848 population controls
   were included in the study. Ever use of low-dose aspirin (OR = 0.90; 95%
   CI: 0.77-1.04) or NA-NSAIDs (OR = 1.05; 95% CI: 0.96-1.14) was not
   associated with glioma risk. Compared with never use, long-term use of
   low-dose aspirin or of NA-NSAIDs was associated with ORs of 0.80 (95%
   CI: 0.53-1.21) and 1.11 (0.57-2.17), respectively. We observed no clear
   patterns of risk in stratified analysis according to estimated doses of
   low-dose aspirin (<= 100 mg, 150 mg).
   Conclusion: We did not find any apparent association between aspirin or
   NA-NSAID use and risk of glioma, although our results may be consistent
   with a slight reduction in glioma risk with long-term use of low-dose
   aspirin.
SN 0007-0920
PD MAR
PY 2013
VL 108
IS 5
BP 1189
EP 1194
UT CCC:000317038100027
ER

PT J
AU Wilson, JC
   Murray, LJ
   Hughes, CM
   Black, A
   Anderson, LA
AF Wilson, J. C.
   Murray, L. J.
   Hughes, C. M.
   Black, A.
   Anderson, L. A.
TI Non-steroidal anti-inflammatory drug and aspirin use and the risk of
   head and neck cancer
SO BRITISH JOURNAL OF CANCER
AB Background: Evidence for non-steroidal anti-inflammatory drugs (NSAIDs)
   preventing head and neck cancer (HNC) is inconclusive; however, there is
   some suggestion that aspirin may exert a protective effect.
   Methods: Using data from the United States National Cancer Institute
   Prostate, Lung, Colorectal and Ovarian Cancer Screening Trial, we
   examined the association between aspirin and ibuprofen use and HNC.
   Results: Regular aspirin use was associated with a significant 22%
   reduction in HNC risk. No association was observed with regular
   ibuprofen use.
   Conclusion: Aspirin may have potential as a chemopreventive agent for
   HNC, but further investigation is warranted.
SN 0007-0920
PD MAR
PY 2013
VL 108
IS 5
BP 1178
EP 1181
UT CCC:000317038100025
ER

PT J
AU Moratorio, G
   Fischer, S
   Bianchi, S
   Tome, L
   Rama, G
   Obal, G
   Carrion, F
   Pritsch, O
   Cristina, J
AF Moratorio, Gonzalo
   Fischer, Sabrina
   Bianchi, Sergio
   Tome, Lorena
   Rama, Gonzalo
   Obal, Gonzalo
   Carrion, Federico
   Pritsch, Otto
   Cristina, Juan
TI A detailed molecular analysis of complete Bovine Leukemia Virus genomes
   isolated from B-cell lymphosarcomas
SO VETERINARY RESEARCH
AB It is widely accepted that the majority of cancers result from multiple
   cellular events leading to malignancy after a prolonged period of
   clinical latency, and that the immune system plays a critical role in
   the control of cancer progression. Bovine leukemia virus (BLV) is an
   oncogenic member of the Retroviridae family. Complete genomic sequences
   of BLV strains isolated from peripheral blood mononuclear cells (PBMC)
   from cattle have been previously reported. However, a detailed
   characterization of the complete genome of BLV strains directly isolated
   from bovine tumors is much needed in order to contribute to the
   understanding of the mechanisms of leukemogenesis induced by BLV in
   cattle. In this study, we performed a molecular characterization of BLV
   complete genomes from bovine B-cell lymphosarcoma isolates. A nucleotide
   substitution was found in the glucocorticoid response element (GRE) site
   of the 5' long terminal repeat (5'LTR) of the BLV isolates. All amino
   acid substitutions in Tax previously found to be related to stimulate
   high transcriptional activity of 5'LTR were not found in these studies.
   Amino acid substitutions were found in the nucleocapsid, gp51 and G4
   proteins. Premature stop-codons in R3 were observed. Few mutations or
   amino acid substitutions may be needed to allow BLV provirus to achieve
   silencing. Substitutions that favor suppression of viral expression in
   malignant B cells might be a strategy to circumvent effective immune
   attack.
SN 0928-4249
PD MAR
PY 2013
VL 44
BP 19
EP 19
UT CCC:000317312500001
ER

PT J
AU Borges, CR
   Rehder, DS
   Boffetta, P
AF Borges, Chad R.
   Rehder, Douglas S.
   Boffetta, Paolo
TI Multiplexed Surrogate Analysis of Glycotransferase Activity in Whole
   Biospecimens
SO ANALYTICAL CHEMISTRY
AB Dysregulated glycotransferase enzymes in cancer cells produce aberrant
   glycans-some of which can help facilitate metastases. Within a cell,
   individual glycotransferases promiscuously help to construct dozens of
   unique glycan structures, making it difficult to comprehensively track
   their activity in biospecimens-especially where they are absent or
   inactive. Here, we describe an approach to deconstruct glycans in whole
   biospecimens then analytically pool together resulting
   monosaccharide-and-linkage-specific degradation products ("glycan
   nodes") that directly represent the activities of specific
   glycotransferases. To implement this concept, a reproducible, relative
   quantitation-based glycan methylation analysis methodology was developed
   that simultaneously captures information from N-, O-, and lipid linked
   glycans and is compatible with whole biofluids and homogenized tissues;
   in total, over 30 different glycan nodes are detectable per gas
   chromatography mass spectrometry (GC-MS) run. Numerous nonliver organ
   cancers are known to induce the production of abnormally glycosylated
   serum proteins. Thus, following analytical validation, in blood plasma,
   the technique was applied to a group of 59 lung cancer patient plasma
   samples and age/gender/smoking-status-matched non-neoplastic controls
   from the Lung Cancer in Central and Eastern Europe (CEE) study to gauge
   the clinical utility of the approach toward the detection of lung
   cancer. Ten smoking-independent glycan node ratios were found that
   detect lung cancer with individual receiver operating characteristic
   (ROC) c-statistics ranging from 0.76 to 0.88. Two glycan nodes provided
   novel evidence for altered ST6Gal-I and GnT-IV glycotransferase
   activities in lung cancer patients. In summary, a conceptually novel
   approach to the analysis of glycans in unfractionated human biospecimens
   has been developed that, upon clinical validation for specific
   applications, may provide diagnostic and/or predictive information in
   glycan-altering diseases.
SN 0003-2700
PD MAR
PY 2013
VL 85
IS 5
BP 2927
EP 2936
UT CCC:000317031600054
ER

PT J
AU Bellavista, S
   D'Antuono, A
   Infusino, SD
   Trimarco, R
   Patrizi, A
AF Bellavista, Sara
   D'Antuono, Antonietta
   Infusino, Salvatore Domenico
   Trimarco, Roberto
   Patrizi, Annalisa
TI Pruritic papular eruption in HIV: a case successfully treated with
   NB-UVB
SO DERMATOLOGIC THERAPY
AB Abstact Pruritic papular eruption (PPE) is a skin disease characterized
   by the eruption of itching papules on the extremities, face, and trunk;
   it is quite frequent in HIV-positive patients especially during the
   advanced immunosuppressive stage. PPE usually improves or heals when
   antiretroviral therapy restores the immune system function, but in some
   cases, it can take several months, and a symptomatic treatment for PPE
   is required. Systemic antihistamines, topical steroids, topical
   tacrolimus, itraconazole, pentoxyphilline, and ultraviolet B
   phototherapy have been proposed in cases of persisting PPE, but an
   elective treatment has not yet been found. We describe the case of a
   black patient affected by PPE, nonimproving with antiretroviral
   treatment, and resistant to topical steroids and oral antihistamines; a
   satisfactory and speedy result was achieved with narrow-band ultraviolet
   B phototherapy.
SN 1396-0296
PD MAR-APR
PY 2013
VL 26
IS 2
SI SI
BP 173
EP 175
UT CCC:000317130100012
ER

PT J
AU Billi, AC
   Freeberg, MA
   Day, AM
   Chun, SY
   Khivansara, V
   Kim, JK
AF Billi, Allison C.
   Freeberg, Mallory A.
   Day, Amanda M.
   Chun, Sang Young
   Khivansara, Vishal
   Kim, John K.
TI A Conserved Upstream Motif Orchestrates Autonomous, Germline-Enriched
   Expression of Caenorhabditis elegans piRNAs
SO PLOS GENETICS
AB Piwi-interacting RNAs (piRNAs) fulfill a critical, conserved role in
   defending the genome against foreign genetic elements. In many
   organisms, piRNAs appear to be derived from processing of a long,
   polycistronic RNA precursor. Here, we establish that each Caenorhabditis
   elegans piRNA represents a tiny, autonomous transcriptional unit.
   Remarkably, the minimal C. elegans piRNA cassette requires only a 21
   nucleotide (nt) piRNA sequence and an similar to 50 nt upstream motif
   with limited genomic context for expression. Combining computational
   analyses with a novel, in vivo transgenic system, we demonstrate that
   this upstream motif is necessary for independent expression of a
   germline-enriched, Piwi-dependent piRNA. We further show that a single
   nucleotide position within this motif directs differential germline
   enrichment. Accordingly, over 70% of C. elegans piRNAs are selectively
   expressed in male or female germline, and comparison of the genes they
   target suggests that these two populations have evolved independently.
   Together, our results indicate that C. elegans piRNA upstream motifs act
   as independent promoters to specify which sequences are expressed as
   piRNAs, how abundantly they are expressed, and in what germline. As the
   genome encodes well over 15,000 unique piRNA sequences, our study
   reveals that the number of transcriptional units encoding piRNAs rivals
   the number of mRNA coding genes in the C. elegans genome.
SN 1553-7404
PD MAR
PY 2013
VL 9
IS 3
BP 3392
EP 3392
UT CCC:000316866700063
ER

PT J
AU Blashill, AJ
AF Blashill, Aaron J.
TI Psychosocial correlates of frequent indoor tanning among adolescent boys
SO BODY IMAGE
AB The aim of the current study was to assess psychosocial correlates
   (i.e., perceived weight, weight control strategies, substance use, and
   victimization) of frequent indoor tanning in adolescent boys a group at
   high risk for developing skin cancer. Participants (N=7,907) were drawn
   from a nationally representative sample of adolescent boys attending
   high school in the United States. Binary logistic regression revealed
   that extreme weight control strategies, particularly steroid use (odds
   ratio=3.67) and compensatory vomiting (odds ratio=2.34), along with
   substance use and victimization, were significantly related to frequent
   indoor tanning. These results highlight the role of appearance-changing,
   and health-risk behaviors in the context of frequent indoor tanning.
   Skin cancer prevention interventions may benefit from adopting
   approaches that integrate the treatment of body dissatisfaction and
   subsequent maladaptive behaviors. (C) 2012 Elsevier Ltd. All rights
   reserved.
SN 1740-1445
PD MAR
PY 2013
VL 10
IS 2
BP 259
EP 262
UT CCC:000317027000016
ER

PT J
AU Blecher-Gonen, R
   Barnett-Itzhaki, Z
   Jaitin, D
   Amann-Zalcenstein, D
   Lara-Astiaso, D
   Amit, I
AF Blecher-Gonen, Ronnie
   Barnett-Itzhaki, Zohar
   Jaitin, Diego
   Amann-Zalcenstein, Daniela
   Lara-Astiaso, David
   Amit, Ido
TI High-throughput chromatin immunoprecipitation for genome-wide mapping of
   in vivo protein-DNA interactions and epigenomic states
SO NATURE PROTOCOLS
AB Dynamic protein binding to DNA elements regulates genome function and
   cell fate. Although methods for mapping in vivo protein-DNA interactions
   are becoming crucial for every aspect of genomic research, they are
   laborious and costly, thereby limiting progress. Here we present a
   protocol for mapping in vivo protein-DNA interactions using a
   high-throughput chromatin immunoprecipitation (HT-ChIP) approach. By
   using paramagnetic beads, we streamline the entire ChIP and indexed
   library construction process: sample transfer and loss is minimized and
   the need for manually labor-intensive procedures such as washes, gel
   extraction and DNA precipitation is eliminated. All of this allows for
   fully automated, cost effective and highly sensitive 96-well ChIP
   sequencing (ChIP-seq). Sample preparation takes 3 d from cultured cells
   to pooled libraries. Compared with previous methods, HT-ChIP is more
   suitable for large-scale in vivo studies, specifically those measuring
   the dynamics of a large number of different chromatin
   modifications/transcription factors or multiple perturbations.
SN 1754-2189
PD MAR
PY 2013
VL 8
IS 3
BP 539
EP 554
UT CCC:000317110600009
ER

PT J
AU Chang, D
   Xu, HW
   Guo, YH
   Jiang, XG
   Liu, Y
   Li, KL
   Pan, CX
   Yuan, M
   Wang, JF
   Li, TZ
   Liu, CT
AF Chang, De
   Xu, Huiwen
   Guo, Yinghua
   Jiang, Xuege
   Liu, Yan
   Li, Kailong
   Pan, Chunxiao
   Yuan, Ming
   Wang, Junfeng
   Li, Tianzhi
   Liu, Changting
TI Simulated microgravity alters the metastatic potential of a human lung
   adenocarcinoma cell line
SO IN VITRO CELLULAR & DEVELOPMENTAL BIOLOGY-ANIMAL
AB Simulated microgravity (SM) has been implicated in affecting diverse
   cellular pathways. Although there is emerging evidence that SM can alter
   cellular functions, its effect in cancer metastasis has not been
   addressed. Here, we demonstrate that SM inhibits migration,
   gelatinolytic activity, and cell proliferation of an A549 human lung
   adenocarcinoma cell line in vitro. Expression of antigen MKI67 and
   matrix metalloproteinase-2 (MMP2) was reduced in A549 cells stimulated
   by clinorotation when compared with the 1xg control condition, while
   overexpression of each gene improves ability of proliferation and
   migration, respectively, under SM conditions. These findings suggest
   that SM reduced the metastatic potential of human lung adenocarcinoma
   cells by altering the expression of MKI67 and MMP2, thereby inhibiting
   cell proliferation, migration, and invasion, which may provide some
   clues to study cancer metastasis in the future.
SN 1071-2690
PD MAR
PY 2013
VL 49
IS 3
BP 170
EP 177
UT CCC:000317077500003
ER

PT J
AU Chavez, CM
   McGaugh, JL
   Weinberger, NM
AF Chavez, Candice M.
   McGaugh, James L.
   Weinberger, Norman M.
TI Activation of the basolateral amygdala induces long-term enhancement of
   specific memory representations in the cerebral cortex
SO NEUROBIOLOGY OF LEARNING AND MEMORY
AB The basolateral amygdala (BLA) modulates memory, particularly for
   arousing or emotional events, during post-training periods of
   consolidation. It strengthens memories whose substrates in part or whole
   are stored remotely, in structures such as the hippocampus, striatum and
   cerebral cortex. However, the mechanisms by which the BLA influences
   distant memory traces are unknown, largely because of the need for
   identifiable target mnemonic representations. Associative tuning
   plasticity in the primary auditory cortex (A1) constitutes a
   well-characterized candidate specific memory substrate that is
   ubiquitous across species, tasks and motivational states. When tone
   predicts reinforcement, the tuning of cells in A1 shifts toward or to
   the signal frequency within its tonotopic map, producing an
   over-representation of behaviorally important sounds. Tuning shifts have
   the cardinal attributes of forms of memory, including associativity,
   specificity, rapid induction, consolidation and long-term retention and
   are therefore likely memory representations. We hypothesized that the
   BLA strengthens memories by increasing their cortical representations.
   We recorded multiple unit activity from A1 of rats that received a
   single discrimination training session in which two tones (2.0 s)
   separated by 1.25 octaves were either paired with brief electrical
   stimulation (400 ms) of the BLA (CS+) or not (CS-). Frequency response
   areas generated by presenting a matrix of test tones (0.5-53.82 kHz,
   0-70 dB) were obtained before training and daily for 3 weeks
   post-training. Tuning both at threshold and above threshold shifted
   predominantly toward the CS+ beginning on Day I. Tuning shifts were
   maintained for the entire 3 weeks. Absolute threshold and bandwidth
   decreased, producing less enduring increases in sensitivity and
   selectivity. BLA-induced tuning shifts were associative, highly specific
   and long-lasting. We propose that the BLA strengthens memory for
   important experiences by increasing the number of neurons that come to
   best represent that event. Traumatic, intrusive memories might reflect
   abnormally extensive representational networks due to hyper-activity of
   the BLA consequent to the release of excessive amounts of stress
   hormones. (C) 2012 Elsevier Inc. All rights reserved.
SN 1074-7427
PD MAR
PY 2013
VL 101
BP 8
EP 18
UT CCC:000317088700002
ER

PT J
AU Cho, JH
   Kim, NJ
   Ko, SM
   Kim, C
   Ahn, HK
   Yun, J
   Park, YH
AF Cho, Jin Hyun
   Kim, Nam Jun
   Ko, Sung Min
   Kim, Chunghun
   Ahn, Hee Kyung
   Yun, Jina
   Park, Yeon Hee
TI A Case Report of Paraneoplastic Pemphigus Associated with Esophageal
   Squamous Cell Carcinoma
SO CANCER RESEARCH AND TREATMENT
AB Paraneoplastic pemphigus is an autoimmune blistering and erosive
   mucocutaneous syndrome associated with underlying neoplasm. It is
   primarily associated with lymphoproliferative disorders, and uncommonly
   with malignancies of epithelial origin. We report on a case of a
   68-year-old male who presented with whole body bullous and erosive skin
   lesions. Findings on upper gastrointestinal endoscopy and skin biopsy
   revealed esophageal squamous cell carcinoma and paraneoplastic
   pemphigus. Palliative chemotherapy and systemic glucocorticoid were
   started, however, the patient died of overwhelming sepsis on the ninth
   day of chemotherapy. This case demonstrates that paraneoplastic
   pemphigus can occur in esophageal squamous cell carcinoma and could be a
   cause of morbidity.
SN 1598-2998
PD MAR
PY 2013
VL 45
IS 1
BP 70
EP 73
UT CCC:000316979800009
ER

PT J
AU Cotes, MES
   Swerlick, RA
AF Cotes, Maren E. S.
   Swerlick, Robert A.
TI Practical guidelines for the use of steroid-sparing agents in the
   treatment of chronic pruritus
SO DERMATOLOGIC THERAPY
AB Chronic pruritus in the adult patient is both an underappreciated and a
   difficult to treat condition. In the vast majority of cases, itch is the
   result of inflammatory skin disease and therefore may be responsive to
   systemic anti-inflammatory therapies. Urticarial dermatitis is an
   under-recognized cause of chronic itch in the adult population. Patients
   with this disorder are characterized by prolonged, prednisone-responsive
   pruritus, often in the absence of substantial cutaneous findings. Skin
   findings, when present, can range from subtle, persistent urticarial
   lesions to excoriated papules, often intermixed with urticaria,
   eczematous change, and lichenification secondary to chronic scratching.
   Hereby, we describe our algorithm for evaluation and management of adult
   patients with refractory pruritus (urticarial dermatitis in particular),
   including evaluation for other etiologies of pruritus,
   pre-immunosuppression workup, and the use of azathioprine and other
   steroid-sparing agents for treatment of recalcitrant itch.
SN 1396-0296
PD MAR-APR
PY 2013
VL 26
IS 2
SI SI
BP 120
EP 134
UT CCC:000317130100006
ER

PT J
AU Figueiredo, J
   Baird, AH
   Connolly, SR
AF Figueiredo, Joana
   Baird, Andrew H.
   Connolly, Sean R.
TI Synthesizing larval competence dynamics and reef-scale retention reveals
   a high potential for self-recruitment in corals
SO ECOLOGY
AB Many organisms have a complex life-cycle in which dispersal occurs at
   the propagule stage. For marine environments, there is growing evidence
   that high levels of recruitment back to the natal population
   (self-recruitment) are common in many marine organisms. For fish,
   swimming behavior is frequently invoked as a key mechanism allowing high
   self-recruitment. For organisms with weak-swimming larvae, such as many
   marine invertebrates, the mechanisms behind self-recruitment are less
   clear. Here, we assessed whether the combination of passive retention of
   larvae due to re-circulation processes near reefs, and the dynamics of
   settlement competence, can produce the high levels of self-recruitment
   previously estimated by population genetic studies for reef-building
   corals. Additionally, we investigated whether time to motility, which is
   more readily measurable than competence parameters, can explain the
   between-species variation in self-recruitment. We measured the larval
   competence dynamics of broadcast-spawning and brooding corals and
   incorporated these in a model of larval retention around reefs to
   estimate the potential for self-recruitment and assess its variation
   among species and reefs. Our results suggest that the larvae of many
   corals, even those with an obligate planktonic phase, develop with
   sufficient rapidity to allow high levels of self-recruitment,
   particularly for reefs with long water retention times. Time to motility
   explained 77-86% of the between-species variation in potential
   self-recruitment in scenarios with a realistic range of retention times.
   Among broadcast spawners, time to motility was strongly and positively
   correlated with egg size, i.e., broadcast spawner species with small
   eggs developed more rapidly and exhibited greater potential for
   self-recruitment. These findings suggest that, along with water
   retention estimates, easy-to-measure species traits, such as egg size
   and time to motility, may be good predictors of potential
   self-recruitment, and therefore may be used to characterize the spectrum
   of self-recruitment in corals.
SN 0012-9658
PD MAR
PY 2013
VL 94
IS 3
BP 650
EP 659
UT CCC:000317044300012
ER

PT J
AU Gligorov, D
   Sitnik, JL
   Maeda, RK
   Wolfner, MF
   Karch, F
AF Gligorov, Dragan
   Sitnik, Jessica L.
   Maeda, Robert K.
   Wolfner, Mariana F.
   Karch, Francois
TI A Novel Function for the Hox Gene Abd-B in the Male Accessory Gland
   Regulates the Long-Term Female Post-Mating Response in Drosophila
SO PLOS GENETICS
AB In insects, products of the male reproductive tract are essential for
   initiating and maintaining the female post-mating response (PMR). The
   PMR includes changes in egg laying, receptivity to courting males, and
   sperm storage. In Drosophila, previous studies have determined that the
   main cells of the male accessory gland produce some of the products
   required for these processes. However, nothing was known about the
   contribution of the gland's other secretory cell type, the secondary
   cells. In the course of investigating the late functions of the homeotic
   gene, Abdominal-B (Abd-B), we discovered that Abd-B is specifically
   expressed in the secondary cells of the Drosophila male accessory gland.
   Using an Abd-B BAC reporter coupled with a collection of genetic
   deletions, we discovered an enhancer from the iab-6 regulatory domain
   that is responsible for Abd-B expression in these cells and that
   apparently works independently from the segmentally regulated chromatin
   domains of the bithorax complex. Removal of this enhancer results in
   visible morphological defects in the secondary cells. We determined that
   mates of iab-6 mutant males show defects in long-term egg laying and
   suppression of receptivity, and that products of the secondary cells are
   influential during sperm competition. Many of these phenotypes seem to
   be caused by a defect in the storage and gradual release of sex peptide
   in female mates of iab-6 mutant males. We also found that Abd-B
   expression in the secondary cells contributes to glycosylation of at
   least three accessory gland proteins: ovulin (Acp26Aa), CG1656, and
   CG1652. Our results demonstrate that long-term post-mating changes
   observed in mated females are not solely induced by main cell
   secretions, as previously believed, but that secondary cells also play
   an important role in male fertility by extending the female PMR.
   Overall, these discoveries provide new insights into how these two cell
   types cooperate to produce and maintain a robust female PMR.
SN 1553-7404
PD MAR
PY 2013
VL 9
IS 3
BP 3395
EP 3395
UT CCC:000316866700066
ER

PT J
AU Hermann, A
   Henneberg, M
AF Hermann, Aaron
   Henneberg, Maciej
TI The Doping Myth: 100 m sprint results are not improved by 'doping'
SO INTERNATIONAL JOURNAL OF DRUG POLICY
AB Background: Doping is a very serious issue bedevilling the sporting
   arena. It has consequences for athletes' careers, perception of sports
   in the society and funding of sports events and sporting organisations.
   There is a widespread perception that doping unfairly improves results
   of athletes.
   Methods: A statistical study of information on best lifetime results of
   top 100 m sprinters (males better than 9.98 s, females 11.00 s), over
   the period of 1980-2011 was conducted. Athletes were divided into
   categories of 'doped' (N=17 males and 14 females), based on self
   admission, the confirmed detection of known doping agents in their
   bodies or doping conviction, and 'non-doped' (N=46 males and 55
   females).
   Results: No significant differences (unpaired t-test) between dopers and
   non-dopers were found in their average results: male 'dopers' 9.89 s
   identical with 'non-dopers' 9.89 s, females 10.84 s and 10.88 s
   respectively. Slopes of regressions of best results on dates for both
   'dopers' and 'non dopers' were not significantly different from zero.
   This indicates that no general improvement as a group in 100 m sprint
   results over a quarter of a century occurred irrespective of doping
   being or not being used.
   Conclusion: Since there are no statistical differences between athletes
   found "doping" and the others, one of the following must be true: (1)
   "doping" as used by athletes so detected does not improve results, or
   (2) "doping" is widespread and only sometimes detected. Since there was
   no improvement in overall results during the last quarter of the
   century, the first conclusion is more likely. Objectively, various
   "doping" agents have obvious physiological or anatomical effects. These
   may not translate into better results due to the clandestine use of
   doping that prevents its scientific structuring. Perception of the
   effectiveness of doping should be reconsidered. Policy changes may be
   required to ensure the continued fairness and equity in testing,
   legislation and sports in general. (C) 2012 Elsevier B.V. All rights
   reserved.
SN 0955-3959
PD MAR
PY 2013
VL 24
IS 2
BP 110
EP 114
UT CCC:000317315200003
ER

PT J
AU Hu, XM
   Qian, Q
   Xu, T
   Zhang, YE
   Dong, GJ
   Gao, T
   Xie, Q
   Xue, YB
AF Hu, Xingming
   Qian, Qian
   Xu, Ting
   Zhang, Yu'e
   Dong, Guojun
   Gao, Ting
   Xie, Qi
   Xue, Yongbiao
TI The U-Box E3 Ubiquitin Ligase TUD1 Functions with a Heterotrimeric G
   alpha Subunit to Regulate Brassinosteroid-Mediated Growth in Rice
SO PLOS GENETICS
AB Heterotrimeric G proteins are an important group of signaling molecules
   found in eukaryotes. They function with G-protein-coupled-receptors
   (GPCRs) to transduce various signals such as steroid hormones in
   animals. Nevertheless, their functions in plants are not well-defined.
   Previous studies suggested that the heterotrimeric G protein a subunit
   known as D1/RGA1 in rice is involved in a phytohormone
   gibberellin-mediated signaling pathway. Evidence also implicates D1 in
   the action of a second phytohormone Brassinosteroid (BR) and its
   pathway. However, it is unclear how D1 functions in this pathway,
   because so far no partner has been identified to act with D1. In this
   study, we report a D1 genetic interactor Taihu Dwarf1 (TUD1) that
   encodes a functional U-box E3 ubiquitin ligase. Genetic, phenotypic, and
   physiological analyses have shown that tud1 is epistatic to d1 and is
   less sensitive to BR treatment. Histological observations showed that
   the dwarf phenotype of tud1 is mainly due to decreased cell
   proliferation and disorganized cell files in aerial organs. Furthermore,
   we found that D1 directly interacts with TUD1. Taken together, these
   results demonstrate that D1 and TUD1 act together to mediate a
   BR-signaling pathway. This supports the idea that a D1-mediated BR
   signaling pathway occurs in rice to affect plant growth and development.
SN 1553-7404
PD MAR
PY 2013
VL 9
IS 3
BP 3391
EP 3391
UT CCC:000316866700062
ER

PT J
AU Johnson, NM
   Lemmens, BBLG
   Tijsterman, M
AF Johnson, Nicholas M.
   Lemmens, Bennie B. L. G.
   Tijsterman, Marcel
TI A Role for the Malignant Brain Tumour (MBT) Domain Protein LIN-61 in DNA
   Double-Strand Break Repair by Homologous Recombination
SO PLOS GENETICS
AB Malignant brain tumour (MBT) domain proteins are transcriptional
   repressors that function within Polycomb complexes. Some MBT genes are
   tumour suppressors, but how they prevent tumourigenesis is unknown. The
   Caenorhabditis elegans MBT protein LIN-61 is a member of the synMuvB
   chromatin-remodelling proteins that control vulval development. Here we
   report a new role for LIN-61: it protects the genome by promoting
   homologous recombination (HR) for the repair of DNA double-strand breaks
   (DSBs). lin-61 mutants manifest numerous problems associated with
   defective HR in germ and somatic cells but remain proficient in meiotic
   recombination. They are hypersensitive to ionizing radiation and
   interstrand crosslinks but not UV light. Using a novel reporter system
   that monitors repair of a defined DSB in C. elegans somatic cells, we
   show that LIN-61 contributes to HR. The involvement of this MBT protein
   in HR raises the possibility that MBT-deficient tumours may also have
   defective DSB repair.
SN 1553-7404
PD MAR
PY 2013
VL 9
IS 3
BP 3339
EP 3339
UT CCC:000316866700016
ER

PT J
AU Jung, KW
   Won, YJ
   Kong, HJ
   Oh, CM
   Seo, HG
   Lee, JS
AF Jung, Kyu-Won
   Won, Young-Joo
   Kong, Hyun-Joo
   Oh, Chang-Mo
   Seo, Hong Gwan
   Lee, Jin-Soo
TI Cancer Statistics in Korea: Incidence, Mortality, Survival and
   Prevalence in 2010
SO CANCER RESEARCH AND TREATMENT
AB Purpose
   This article gives an overview of nationwide cancer statistics,
   including incidence, mortality, survival and prevalence, and their
   trends in Korea based on 2010 cancer incidence data.
   Materials and Methods
   Incidence data from 1993 to 2010 were obtained from the Korea National
   Cancer Incidence Database, and vital status was followed until 31
   December 2011. Mortality data from 1983 to 2010 were obtained from
   Statistics Korea. Crude and age-standardized rates for incidence,
   mortality, prevalence, and relative survival were calculated.
   Results
   In total, 202,053 cancer cases and 72,046 cancer deaths occurred during
   2010, and 960,654 prevalent cancer cases were identified in Korea as of
   1 January 2011. The incidence of all cancers combined showed an annual
   increase of 3.3% from 1999 to 2010. The incidences of liver and cervical
   cancers have decreased while those of thyroid, breast, prostate and
   colorectal cancers have increased. Notably, thyroid cancer, which is the
   most common cancer in Korea, increased by 24.2% per year rapidly in both
   sexes. The mortality of all cancers combined showed a decrease by 2.7%
   annually from 2002 to 2010. Five-year relative survival rates of
   patients who were diagnosed with cancer from 2006 to 2011 had improved
   by 22.9% compared with those from 1993 to 1995.
   Conclusion
   While the overall cancer incidence in Korea has increased rapidly,
   age-standardized cancer mortality rates have declined since 2002 and
   survival has improved.
SN 1598-2998
PD MAR
PY 2013
VL 45
IS 1
BP 1
EP 14
UT CCC:000316979800001
ER

PT J
AU Kekuda, R
   Manoharan, P
   Baseler, W
   Sundaram, U
AF Kekuda, Ramesh
   Manoharan, Palanikumar
   Baseler, Walter
   Sundaram, Uma
TI Monocarboxylate 4 Mediated Butyrate Transport in a Rat Intestinal
   Epithelial Cell Line
SO DIGESTIVE DISEASES AND SCIENCES
AB Short chain fatty acids (SCFA) are absorbed by carrier mediated uptake
   in the small intestine by pH-dependent SCFA/HCO3 (-) exchangers on the
   apical membrane of epithelial cells. Conventional assumption is that
   MCT1 mediates SCFA/HCO3 (-) exchange in the intestine. Further, due to
   the presence of multiple such anion exchangers, the identity of the
   intestinal SCFA/HCO3 (-) has been controversial.
   The aim of this study was to determine the identities of the butyrate
   transporter in the intestinal epithelial cells (IEC-18).
   IEC-18 cells were treated with specific siRNAs for MCT1 and MCT4, and
   butyrate and lactate uptake studies were performed.
   Alpha-cyano-4-hydroxycinnamic acid inhibited lactate uptake but not
   butyrate uptake in IEC-18 cells, indicating that these two substrates
   are transported via two different transporter systems. MCT1 siRNA
   treatment abolished both MCT1 mRNA by more than 95 % and protein
   expression by 83 % as evidenced by RTQ-PCR and western blotting
   experiments. However, MCT1 siRNA treatment inhibited butyrate uptake
   upto 24 %, whereas it inhibited lactate uptake significantly by 70 %.
   Treatment with MCT4 siRNA inhibited MCT4 mRNA expression by 75 % and
   protein expression by 85 % in these cells. MCT4 siRNA inhibited butyrate
   uptake by 40 %. Further, several non-steroidal anti-inflammatory drugs
   (NSAIDs) are transported by the butyrate transporter. Finally, MCT4
   siRNA inhibited salicylate uptake by 27 % indicating direct evidence for
   the transport of salicylate by MCT4.
   These data indicate that MCT1 is the high affinity lactate transporter
   and MCT4 is the high affinity butyrate transporter in the intestinal
   epithelial cell line IEC-18.
SN 0163-2116
PD MAR
PY 2013
VL 58
IS 3
BP 660
EP 667
UT CCC:000317076700014
ER

PT J
AU Koczka, CP
   Geraldino-Pardilla, LB
   Goodman, AJ
AF Koczka, Charles P.
   Geraldino-Pardilla, Laura B.
   Goodman, Adam J.
TI Physicians' Opinions of Stress Ulcer Prophylaxis: Survey Results from a
   Large Urban Medical Center
SO DIGESTIVE DISEASES AND SCIENCES
AB Stress ulcer prophylaxis (SUP) has been increasingly prescribed for
   patients admitted to medical wards. The knowledge, attitudes, and
   practices of those in the healthcare profession regarding use of SUP in
   medical wards are understudied.
   A survey consisting of closed-ended questions and multiple-choice
   queries was handed out during grand rounds.
   One hundred people (39 attending physicians, 61 residents) completed the
   survey. More attending physicians (41 vs. 30 %) believed SUP was
   indicated for patients treated in a non-intensive-care medical ward (P =
   0.2357). All residents preferred a proton-pump inhibitor (PPI) for SUP
   compared with 85 % of attending physicians (P < 0.05). Despite equal
   agreement that PPIs were not harmless, more attending physicians than
   residents agreed that using PPIs increased the risk of
   community-acquired pneumonia (P < 0.05). More residents than attending
   physicians agreed on the use of SUP for patients suffering from major
   burns and for those with liver failure. In situations of respiratory
   distress not requiring intubation and in cases of steroid treatment for
   a chronic obstructive pulmonary disease flare, more attending physicians
   than residents felt SUP was required. Approaching a statistically
   significant difference, more attending physicians than residents felt
   that being too busy to question SUP indication and the perception of
   PPIs as harmless affected decision making.
   Despite the publication of guidelines, misuse of gastric acid
   suppressants continues to occur, even by attending physicians. More
   complete understanding of the need and occasion for SUP use should
   result in more cautious use.
SN 0163-2116
PD MAR
PY 2013
VL 58
IS 3
BP 777
EP 781
UT CCC:000317076700028
ER

PT J
AU Kusama, K
   Yoshie, M
   Tamura, K
   Kodaka, Y
   Hirata, A
   Sakurai, T
   Bai, H
   Imakawa, K
   Nishi, H
   Isaka, K
   Nagai, T
   Nagao, T
   Tachikawa, E
AF Kusama, K.
   Yoshie, M.
   Tamura, K.
   Kodaka, Y.
   Hirata, A.
   Sakurai, T.
   Bai, H.
   Imakawa, K.
   Nishi, H.
   Isaka, K.
   Nagai, T.
   Nagao, T.
   Tachikawa, E.
TI Regulation of decidualization in human endometrial stromal cells through
   exchange protein directly activated by cyclic AMP (Epac)
SO PLACENTA
AB Introduction: Human endometrial stromal cells (ESCs) undergo
   differentiation during the decidualization process. Decidualization is
   characterized by their enhanced production of IGF binding protein-1
   (IGFBP-1), prolactin (PRL), and the forkhead transcriptional factor
   FOXO1, and transformation into more rounded cells, during the secretory
   phase of the menstrual cycle and subsequent pregnancy. Protein kinase A
   (PKA)-mediated CAMP signaling is crucial for this process. The present
   study was undertaken to examine the involvement of a mediator of CAMP
   signaling, exchange protein directly activated by cAMP (Epac), in
   decidualization of cultured ESCs.
   Results: Treatment of ESCs with the Epac-selective cAMP analog
   8-CPT-2-OMe-cAMP (CPT) had no effect on IGFBP-1, PRL, and FOXO1 mRNA
   expression. However, CPT potentiated IGFBP-1 and PRL expression
   stimulated by the PICA-selective cAMP analog N-6-Phe-cAMP (Phe) and
   activated Rap1, a downstream regulator of Epac signaling. Knock-down of
   Epac1, Epac2, or Rap1 significantly inhibited the Phe- or
   Phe/CPT-induced increase in IGFBP-1 and PRL expression, as well as Rap1
   activation. Furthermore, CPT enhanced IGFBP-1 and PRL expression and the
   morphological differentiation induced by ovarian steroids, whereas
   Epac1, Epac2, or Rap1 knock-down suppressed these events.
   Conclusion: These data provide evidence for the involvement of the
   Epac/Rap1 signaling pathway in cAMP-mediated decidualization of human
   ESCs. (C) 2013 Elsevier Ltd. All rights reserved.
SN 0143-4004
PD MAR
PY 2013
VL 34
IS 3
BP 212
EP 221
UT CCC:000317314900002
ER

PT J
AU Levesque, MJ
   Raj, A
AF Levesque, Marshall J.
   Raj, Arjun
TI Single-chromosome transcriptional profiling reveals chromosomal gene
   expression regulation
SO NATURE METHODS
AB We report intron chromosomal expression FISH (iceFISH), a multiplex
   imaging method for measuring gene expression and chromosome structure
   simultaneously on single chromosomes. We find substantial differences in
   transcriptional frequency between genes on a translocated chromosome and
   the same genes in their normal chromosomal context in the same cell.
   Correlations between genes on a single chromosome pointed toward a cis
   chromosome-level transcriptional interaction spanning 14.3 megabases.
SN 1548-7091
PD MAR
PY 2013
VL 10
IS 3
BP 246
EP 248
UT CCC:000316650800021
ER

PT J
AU Lin, R
   Li, XL
   Li, JS
   Zhang, LF
   Xu, F
   Chu, YJ
   Li, JC
AF Lin, Rui
   Li, Xiaoli
   Li, Jiansheng
   Zhang, Lianfeng
   Xu, Feng
   Chu, Yanjun
   Li, Jichang
TI Long-Term Cisplatin Exposure Promotes Methylation of the OCT1 Gene in
   Human Esophageal Cancer Cells
SO DIGESTIVE DISEASES AND SCIENCES
AB Cisplatin-based chemotherapy is widely used for treatment of a variety
   of human malignant solid and metastatic tumors, including esophageal
   cancer. However, the clinical effect of this drug is limited because of
   intrinsic and acquired resistance to it. Organic cation transporters
   (OCTs) are important in the cellular uptake of cisplatin.
   Our objective was to test the hypothesis that cisplatin resistance is
   associated with alteration of expression of OCTs.
   Levels of expression of OCTs in paired esophageal cancer and adjacent
   non-cancerous tissues were examined by use of immunohistochemistry.
   We found that OCT1 silencing impaired cisplatin-mediated apoptosis of
   esophageal cancer cells. The level of OCT1 mRNA in cisplatin-resistant
   cells was markedly reduced compared with parental cells. Promoter
   methylation of OCT1 was induced in cisplatin-resistant cells.
   This study shows that long-term exposure to cisplatin promotes
   methylation of the OCT1 gene in human esophageal cancer cells, which in
   turn results in cisplatin resistance.
SN 0163-2116
PD MAR
PY 2013
VL 58
IS 3
BP 694
EP 698
UT CCC:000317076700018
ER

PT J
AU Lovatel, GA
   Elsner, VR
   Bertoldi, K
   Vanzella, C
   Moyses, FD
   Vizuete, A
   Spindler, C
   Cechinel, LR
   Netto, CA
   Muotri, AR
   Siqueira, IR
AF Lovatel, Gisele Agustini
   Elsner, Viviane Rostirola
   Bertoldi, Karine
   Vanzella, Claudia
   Moyses, Felipe dos Santos
   Vizuete, Adriana
   Spindler, Christiano
   Cechinel, Laura Reck
   Netto, Carlos Alexandre
   Muotri, Alysson Renato
   Siqueira, Ionara Rodrigues
TI Treadmill exercise induces age-related changes in aversive memory,
   neuroinflammatory and epigenetic processes in the rat hippocampus
SO NEUROBIOLOGY OF LEARNING AND MEMORY
AB It has been described that exercise can modulate both inflammatory
   response and epigenetic modifications, although the effect of exercise
   on these parameters during the normal brain aging process yet remains
   poorly understood. Here, we investigated the effect of aging and
   treadmill exercise on inflammatory and epigenetic parameters
   specifically pro and anti-inflammatory cytokines levels, activation of
   NF-kB and histone H4 acetylation levels in hippocampus from Wistar rats.
   Additionally, we evaluated aversive memory through inhibitory avoidance
   task. Rats of 3 and 20 months of age were assigned to non-exercised
   (sedentary) and exercised (running daily for 20 min for 2 weeks) groups.
   The effect of daily forced exercise in the treadmill was assessed. The
   levels of inflammatory and epigenetic parameters were determined 1 h, 18
   h, 3 days or 7 days after the last training session of exercise. It was
   observed an age-related decline on aversive memory, as well as aged rats
   showed increased hippocampal levels of inflammatory markers, such as TNF
   alpha, IL1-beta and NF-kB and decreased IL-4 levels, an
   anti-inflammatory cytokine. Moreover, lower levels of global histone H4
   acetylation were also observed in hippocampi from aged rats.
   Interestingly, there was a significant correlation between the
   biochemical markers and the inhibitory avoidance test performance. The
   forced exercise protocol ameliorated aging-related memory decline,
   decreased pro-inflammatory markers and increased histone H4 acetylation
   levels in hippocampi 20-months-old rats, while increased acutely IL-4
   levels in hippocampi from young adult rats. Together, these results
   suggest that an imbalance of inflammatory markers might be involved to
   the aging-related aversive memory impairment. Additionally, our exercise
   protocol may reverse aging-related memory decline through improving
   cytokine profile. (C) 2013 Elsevier Inc. All rights reserved.
SN 1074-7427
PD MAR
PY 2013
VL 101
BP 94
EP 102
UT CCC:000317088700012
ER

PT J
AU Lozano, YR
   Serafin, N
   Prado-Alcala, RA
   Roozendaal, B
   Quirarte, GL
AF Lozano, Yave R.
   Serafin, Norma
   Prado-Alcala, Roberto A.
   Roozendaal, Benno
   Quirarte, Gina L.
TI Glucocorticoids in the dorsomedial striatum modulate the consolidation
   of spatial but not procedural memory
SO NEUROBIOLOGY OF LEARNING AND MEMORY
AB Glucocorticoid hormones are known to influence widely interconnected
   brain networks, thereby enhancing the consolidation of memory of several
   types of training experiences. In this network, the dorsal striatum
   plays an important role in transforming goal-directed behavior into
   habitual behavior. Many studies have shown that the dorsolateral
   striatum (DLS) enables the formation of stimulus-response associations
   that are needed for procedural learning. In contrast, the dorsomedial
   striatum (DMS) is predominantly involved in influencing goal-directed
   behaviors via interactions with the dorsal hippocampus and medial
   prefrontal cortex. To date, most studies that have supported a
   functional dissociation of the dorsal striatum in memory have focused on
   the behavioral deficits produced by lesions or temporary inactivation of
   different striatal regions. Few studies have investigated the effect of
   pharmacological activation of the DMS in modulating memory of distinct
   kinds of spatial navigation. Therefore, in the present study
   corticosterone (CORT) was administered into the DMS immediately after
   training on either a place or cue water-maze task to investigate
   possible effects on the consolidation of spatial and procedural memory.
   Our findings indicate that CORT (5, 10 and 20 ng) enhanced 24-h
   retention of place training, without affecting retention of cue
   training. However, CORT administration after place and cue training did
   not shift the selection from a procedural to a spatial navigation
   strategy in a place-cue competition test. These findings support the
   functional heterogeneity of the dorsal striatum and suggest that the DMS
   can modulate the consolidation of allocentric spatial information via
   glucocorticoid action. (C) 2013 Elsevier Inc. All rights reserved.
SN 1074-7427
PD MAR
PY 2013
VL 101
BP 55
EP 64
UT CCC:000317088700008
ER

PT J
AU Ma, PP
   Schultz, RM
AF Ma, Pengpeng
   Schultz, Richard M.
TI Histone Deacetylase 2 (HDAC2) Regulates Chromosome Segregation and
   Kinetochore Function via H4K16 Deacetylation during Oocyte Maturation in
   Mouse
SO PLOS GENETICS
AB Changes in histone acetylation occur during oocyte development and
   maturation, but the role of specific histone deacetylases in these
   processes is poorly defined. We report here that mice harboring
   Hdac1(-/+)/Hdac2(-/-) or Hdac2(-/-) oocytes are infertile or
   sub-fertile, respectively. Depleting maternal HDAC2 results in
   hyperacetylation of H4K16 as determined by immunocytochemistry-normal
   deacetylation of other lysine residues of histone H3 or H4 is
   observed-and defective chromosome condensation and segregation during
   oocyte maturation occurs in a sub-population of oocytes. The resulting
   increased incidence of aneuploidy likely accounts for the observed
   sub-fertility of mice harboring Hdac2(-/-) oocytes. The infertility of
   mice harboring Hdac1(-/+)/Hdac2(-/-) oocytes is attributed to failure of
   those few eggs that properly mature to metaphase II to initiate DNA
   replication following fertilization. The increased amount of acetylated
   H4K16 likely impairs kinetochore function in oocytes lacking HDAC2
   because kinetochores in mutant oocytes are less able to form cold-stable
   microtubule attachments and less CENP-A is located at the centromere.
   These results implicate HDAC2 as the major HDAC that regulates global
   histone acetylation during oocyte development and, furthermore, suggest
   HDAC2 is largely responsible for the deacetylation of H4K16 during
   maturation. In addition, the results provide additional support that
   histone deacetylation that occurs during oocyte maturation is critical
   for proper chromosome segregation.
SN 1553-7404
PD MAR
PY 2013
VL 9
IS 3
BP 3377
EP 3377
UT CCC:000316866700052
ER

PT J
AU Nallamilli, BRR
   Zhang, J
   Mujahid, H
   Malone, BM
   Bridges, SM
   Peng, ZH
AF Nallamilli, Babi Ramesh Reddy
   Zhang, Jian
   Mujahid, Hana
   Malone, Brandon M.
   Bridges, Susan M.
   Peng, Zhaohua
TI Polycomb Group Gene OsFIE2 Regulates Rice (Oryza sativa) Seed
   Development and Grain Filling via a Mechanism Distinct from Arabidopsis
SO PLOS GENETICS
AB Cereal endosperm represents 60% of the calories consumed by human beings
   worldwide. In addition, cereals also serve as the primary feedstock for
   livestock. However, the regulatory mechanism of cereal endosperm and
   seed development is largely unknown. Polycomb complex has been shown to
   play a key role in the regulation of endosperm development in
   Arabidopsis, but its role in cereal endosperm development remains
   obscure. Additionally, the enzyme activities of the polycomb complexes
   have not been demonstrated in plants. Here we purified the rice
   OsFIE2-polycomb complex using tandem affinity purification and
   demonstrated its specific H3 methyltransferase activity. We found that
   the OsFIE2 gene product was responsible for H3K27me3 production
   specifically in vivo. Genetic studies showed that a reduction of OsFIE2
   expression led to smaller seeds, partially filled seeds, and partial
   loss of seed dormancy. Gene expression and proteomics analyses found
   that the starch synthesis rate limiting step enzyme and multiple storage
   proteins are down-regulated in OsFIE2 reduction lines. Genome wide
   ChIP-Seq data analysis shows that H3K27me3 is associated with many genes
   in the young seeds. The H3K27me3 modification and gene expression in a
   key helix-loop-helix transcription factor is shown to be regulated by
   OsFIE2. Our results suggest that OsFIE2-polycomb complex positively
   regulates rice endosperm development and grain filling via a mechanism
   highly different from that in Arabidopsis.
SN 1553-7404
PD MAR
PY 2013
VL 9
IS 3
BP 3322
EP 3322
UT CCC:000316866700011
ER

PT J
AU Norman-Axelsson, U
   Durand-Dubief, M
   Prasad, P
   Ekwall, K
AF Norman-Axelsson, Ulrika
   Durand-Dubief, Mickael
   Prasad, Punit
   Ekwall, Karl
TI DNA Topoisomerase III Localizes to Centromeres and Affects Centromeric
   CENP-A Levels in Fission Yeast
SO PLOS GENETICS
AB Centromeres are specialized chromatin regions marked by the presence of
   nucleosomes containing the centromere-specific histone H3 variant
   CENP-A, which is essential for chromosome segregation. Assembly and
   disassembly of nucleosomes is intimately linked to DNA topology, and DNA
   topoisomerases have previously been implicated in the dynamics of
   canonical H3 nucleosomes. Here we show that Schizosaccharomyces pombe
   Top3 and its partner Rqh1 are involved in controlling the levels of
   CENP-A(Cnp1) at centromeres. Both top3 and rqh1 mutants display defects
   in chromosome segregation. Using chromatin immunoprecipitation and
   tiling microarrays, we show that Top3, unlike Top1 and Top2, is highly
   enriched at centromeric central domains, demonstrating that Top3 is the
   major topoisomerase in this region. Moreover, centromeric Top3 occupancy
   positively correlates with CENP-A(Cnp1) occupancy. Intriguingly, both
   top3 and rqh1 mutants display increased relative enrichment of
   CENP-A(Cnp1) at centromeric central domains. Thus, Top3 and Rqh1
   normally limit the levels of CENP-A(Cnp1) in this region. This new role
   is independent of the established function of Top3 and Rqh1 in
   homologous recombination downstream of Rad51. Therefore, we hypothesize
   that the Top3-Rqh1 complex has an important role in controlling
   centromere DNA topology, which in turn affects the dynamics of
   CENP-A(Cnp1) nucleosomes.
SN 1553-7404
PD MAR
PY 2013
VL 9
IS 3
BP 3371
EP 3371
UT CCC:000316866700047
ER

PT J
AU Nussbaum-Krammer, CI
   Park, KW
   Li, LM
   Melki, R
   Morimoto, RI
AF Nussbaum-Krammer, Carmen I.
   Park, Kyung-Won
   Li, Liming
   Melki, Ronald
   Morimoto, Richard I.
TI Spreading of a Prion Domain from Cell-to-Cell by Vesicular Transport in
   Caenorhabditis elegans
SO PLOS GENETICS
AB Prion proteins can adopt self-propagating alternative conformations that
   account for the infectious nature of transmissible spongiform
   encephalopathies (TSEs) and the epigenetic inheritance of certain traits
   in yeast. Recent evidence suggests a similar propagation of misfolded
   proteins in the spreading of pathology of neurodegenerative diseases
   including Alzheimer's or Parkinson's disease. Currently there is only a
   limited number of animal model systems available to study the mechanisms
   that underlie the cell-to-cell transmission of aggregation-prone
   proteins. Here, we have established a new metazoan model in
   Caenorhabditis elegans expressing the prion domain NM of the cytosolic
   yeast prion protein Sup35, in which aggregation and toxicity are
   dependent upon the length of oligopeptide repeats in the
   glutamine/asparagine (Q/N)-rich N-terminus. NM forms multiple classes of
   highly toxic aggregate species and co-localizes to autophagy-related
   vesicles that transport the prion domain from the site of expression to
   adjacent tissues. This is associated with a profound cell autonomous and
   cell non-autonomous disruption of mitochondrial integrity, embryonic and
   larval arrest, developmental delay, widespread tissue defects, and loss
   of organismal proteostasis. Our results reveal that the Sup35 prion
   domain exhibits prion-like properties when expressed in the
   multicellular organism C. elegans and adapts to different requirements
   for propagation that involve the autophagy-lysosome pathway to transmit
   cytosolic aggregation-prone proteins between tissues.
SN 1553-7404
PD MAR
PY 2013
VL 9
IS 3
BP 3351
EP 3351
UT CCC:000316866700028
ER

PT J
AU Ori, A
   Banterle, N
   Iskar, M
   Andres-Pons, A
   Escher, C
   Bui, HK
   Sparks, L
   Solis-Mezarino, V
   Rinner, O
   Bork, P
   Lemke, EA
   Beck, M
AF Ori, Alessandro
   Banterle, Niccolo
   Iskar, Murat
   Andres-Pons, Amparo
   Escher, Claudia
   Bui, Huy Khanh
   Sparks, Lenore
   Solis-Mezarino, Victor
   Rinner, Oliver
   Bork, Peer
   Lemke, Edward A.
   Beck, Martin
TI Cell type-specific nuclear pores: a case in point for context-dependent
   stoichiometry of molecular machines
SO MOLECULAR SYSTEMS BIOLOGY
AB To understand the structure and function of large molecular machines,
   accurate knowledge of their stoichiometry is essential. In this study,
   we developed an integrated targeted proteomics and super-resolution
   microscopy approach to determine the absolute stoichiometry of the human
   nuclear pore complex (NPC), possibly the largest eukaryotic protein
   complex. We show that the human NPC has a previously unanticipated
   stoichiometry that varies across cancer cell types, tissues and in
   disease. Using large-scale proteomics, we provide evidence that more
   than one third of the known, well-defined nuclear protein complexes
   display a similar cell type-specific variation of their subunit
   stoichiometry. Our data point to compositional rearrangement as a
   widespread mechanism for adapting the functions of molecular machines
   toward cell type-specific constraints and context-dependent needs, and
   highlight the need of deeper investigation of such structural variants.
   Molecular Systems Biology 9: 648; published online 19 March 2013; doi:
   10.1038/msb.2013.4
SN 1744-4292
PD MAR
PY 2013
VL 9
BP 648
EP 648
UT CCC:000316960700002
ER

PT J
AU Perez-Pinera, P
   Ousterout, DG
   Brunger, JM
   Farin, AM
   Glass, KA
   Guilak, F
   Crawford, GE
   Hartemink, AJ
   Gersbach, CA
AF Perez-Pinera, Pablo
   Ousterout, David G.
   Brunger, Jonathan M.
   Farin, Alicia M.
   Glass, Katherine A.
   Guilak, Farshid
   Crawford, Gregory E.
   Hartemink, Alexander J.
   Gersbach, Charles A.
TI Synergistic and tunable human gene activation by combinations of
   synthetic transcription factors
SO NATURE METHODS
AB Mammalian genes are regulated by the cooperative and synergistic actions
   of many transcription factors. In this study we recapitulate this
   complex regulation in human cells by targeting endogenous gene
   promoters, including regions of closed chromatin upstream of silenced
   genes, with combinations of engineered transcription activator like
   effectors (TALES). These combinations of TALE transcription factors
   induced substantial gene activation and allowed tuning of gene
   expression levels that will broadly enable synthetic biology, gene
   therapy and biotechnology.
SN 1548-7091
PD MAR
PY 2013
VL 10
IS 3
BP 239
EP 242
UT CCC:000316650800019
ER

PT J
AU Pestitschek, M
   Sonneck-Koenne, C
   Zakavi, SR
   Li, SR
   Knoll, P
   Mirzaei, S
AF Pestitschek, Marianne
   Sonneck-Koenne, Charlotte
   Zakavi, S. R.
   Li, Shuren
   Knoll, Peter
   Mirzaei, Siroos
TI Selenium intake and selenium blood levels: a novel food frequency
   questionnaire
SO WIENER KLINISCHE WOCHENSCHRIFT
AB The present study was undertaken to estimate the selenium intake of
   thyroid patients and investigate the possible relation between thyroid
   abnormalities and the selenium intake.
   The selenium intake through foods and the nutritional habits of thyroid
   patients in general were analyzed. Total 212 subjects from thyroid
   outpatient clinic of two state hospitals were interviewed. Among 212
   subjects, 21 had no thyroid abnormality and served as controls. A food
   frequency questionnaire (FFQ) was developed to define the individual
   selenium intakes. From five different food groups, a total of 15
   selenium-rich foods were selected, which are obtainable in Austria. The
   clinical and nutritional data were analyzed.
   Animal products such as milk and meat (pork, beef and poultry) played
   the most important role for the selenium supply in the Austrian diet.
   The intake of selenium in 86 % of the total study population was below
   the estimated average requirement (EAR). The selenium level was higher
   in euthyroid people compared with hypothyroid patients.
   The developed FFQ is a tool to estimate the selenium intake in
   individuals, as it could be shown in this study. A significant positive
   correlation between selenium intake and blood selenium level was noted.
   These results must be confirmed by further studies in larger patient
   population.
SN 0043-5325
PD MAR
PY 2013
VL 125
IS 5-6
BP 160
EP 164
UT CCC:000317083300008
ER

PT J
AU Phillips, BE
   Williams, JP
   Gustafsson, T
   Bouchard, C
   Rankinen, T
   Knudsen, S
   Smith, K
   Timmons, JA
   Atherton, PJ
AF Phillips, Bethan E.
   Williams, John P.
   Gustafsson, Thomas
   Bouchard, Claude
   Rankinen, Tuomo
   Knudsen, Steen
   Smith, Kenneth
   Timmons, James A.
   Atherton, Philip J.
TI Molecular Networks of Human Muscle Adaptation to Exercise and Age
SO PLOS GENETICS
AB Physical activity and molecular ageing presumably interact to
   precipitate musculoskeletal decline in humans with age. Herein, we have
   delineated molecular networks for these two major components of
   sarcopenic risk using multiple independent clinical cohorts. We
   generated genome-wide transcript profiles from individuals (n = 44) who
   then undertook 20 weeks of supervised resistance-exercise training
   (RET). Expectedly, our subjects exhibited a marked range of hypertrophic
   responses (3% to +28%), and when applying Ingenuity Pathway Analysis
   (IPA) up-stream analysis to similar to 580 genes that covaried with gain
   in lean mass, we identified rapamycin (mTOR) signaling associating with
   growth (P = 1.4 x 10(-30)). Paradoxically, those displaying most
   hypertrophy exhibited an inhibited mTOR activation signature, including
   the striking down-regulation of 70 rRNAs. Differential analysis found
   networks mimicking developmental processes (activated all-transretinoic
   acid (ATRA, Z-score = 4.5; P= 6x10(-13)) and inhibited aryl-hydrocarbon
   receptor signaling (AhR, Z-score = 22.3; P= 3610 27)) with RET.
   Intriguingly, as ATRA and AhR gene-sets were also a feature of endurance
   exercise training (EET), they appear to represent "generic" physical
   activity responsive gene-networks. For age, we found that differential
   gene-expression methods do not produce consistent molecular differences
   between young versus old individuals. Instead, utilizing two independent
   cohorts (n = 45 and n = 52), with a continuum of subject ages (18-78 y),
   the first reproducible set of age-related transcripts in human muscle
   was identified. This analysis identified,500 genes highly enriched in
   post-transcriptional processes (P= 1610 26) and with negligible links to
   the aforementioned generic exercise regulated gene-sets and some overlap
   with ribosomal genes. The RNA signatures from multiple compounds all
   targeting serotonin, DNA topoisomerase antagonism, and RXR activation
   were significantly related to the muscle age-related genes. Finally, a
   number of specific chromosomal loci, including 1q12 and 13q21,
   contributed by more than chance to the age-related gene list (P =
   0.01-0.005), implying possible epigenetic events. We conclude that human
   muscle age-related molecular processes appear distinct from the
   processes regulated by those of physical activity.
SN 1553-7404
PD MAR
PY 2013
VL 9
IS 3
BP 3389
EP 3389
UT CCC:000316866700061
ER

PT J
AU Pouyani, T
   Sadaka, BH
   Papp, S
   Schaffer, L
AF Pouyani, Tara
   Sadaka, Basma H.
   Papp, Suzanne
   Schaffer, Lana
TI Triiodothyronine (T3) inhibits hyaluronate synthesis in a human dermal
   equivalent by downregulation of HAS2
SO IN VITRO CELLULAR & DEVELOPMENTAL BIOLOGY-ANIMAL
AB Triiodothyronine (T3) is a thyroid hormone that can have varying effects
   on skin. In order to assess the effects of T3 on the human dermis, we
   prepared dermal equivalents using neonatal dermal cells via the process
   of self-assembly in the presence of differing concentrations of T3.
   These dermal equivalents were prepared in the absence of serum and a
   three dimensional matrix allowing for the direct assessment of different
   concentrations of T3 on dermal extracellular matrix formation. Three
   different concentrations of T3 were chosen, 20 pM, which is part of the
   base medium, 0.2 nM T3 and 2 nM T3. We find that self-assembled dermal
   equivalents formed under these conditions show a progressive "thinning"
   with increasing T3 concentrations. While we observed no change in total
   collagen content, inhibition of hyaluronate (HA) synthesis was observed
   in the 0.2- and 2-nM T3 constructs as compared to the 20-pM construct.
   Other glycosaminoglycan synthesis was not affected by increasing T3
   concentrations. In order to identify the gene(s) responsible for
   inhibition of HA synthesis in the 2-nM T3 dermal equivalent, we
   conducted a differential gene array analysis. The results of these
   experiments demonstrate the differential expression of 40 genes, of
   these, 34 were upregulated and 6 genes were downregulated. The results
   from these experiments suggest that downregulation of HAS2 may be
   responsible for inhibition of hyaluronate synthesis in the
   self-assembled 2-nM T3 human dermal matrix.
SN 1071-2690
PD MAR
PY 2013
VL 49
IS 3
BP 178
EP 188
UT CCC:000317077500004
ER

PT J
AU Rao, AD
   Sun, B
   Saxena, A
   Hopkins, PN
   Jeunemaitre, X
   Brown, NJ
   Adler, GK
   Williams, JS
AF Rao, A. D.
   Sun, B.
   Saxena, A.
   Hopkins, P. N.
   Jeunemaitre, X.
   Brown, N. J.
   Adler, G. K.
   Williams, J. S.
TI Polymorphisms in the serum- and glucocorticoid-inducible kinase 1 gene
   are associated with blood pressure and renin response to dietary salt
   intake
SO JOURNAL OF HUMAN HYPERTENSION
AB Serum- and glucocorticoid-inducible kinase 1 (SGK1) has a central role
   in epithelial sodium channel (ENaC)- dependent Na+ transport in the
   distal nephron. We hypothesized that SGK1 gene variants may contribute
   to the effect of dietary salt intake on blood pressure (BP) in humans
   with hypertension, and consequentially influence
   renin-angiotensin-aldosterone (RAA) system activity. Our study
   population included 421 hypertensive Caucasian participants of the
   HyperPath group who had completed a dietary salt protocol with
   measurement of BP and RAA system activity. Three SGK1 tagging single
   nucleotide polymorphisms (SNPs) from the HapMap CEU population captured
   the genetic variation in the SGK1 region. Assuming an additive genetic
   model, two SNPs (rs2758151 and rs9402571) were associated with BP and
   plasma renin activity (PRA) effects of dietary salt intake. Major
   alleles were associated with higher systolic BP on high salt and
   decreased PRA on low salt. In contrast, low salt neutralized genotype
   differences. Similar, non-significant trends were observed in a
   normotensive population (N = 152). Genotype was also associated with two
   salt-sensitive subtypes of hypertension. SGK1 genetic variants are
   associated with salt sensitivity of BP and PRA in human hypertension.
   Genotype status at these SGK1 variants may identify individuals prone to
   salt-sensitive hypertension. Journal of Human Hypertension (2013) 27,
   176-180; doi: 10.1038/jhh.2012.22; published online 31 May 2012
SN 0950-9240
PD MAR
PY 2013
VL 27
IS 3
BP 176
EP 180
UT CCC:000317117500006
ER

PT J
AU Rodic, N
   Burns, KH
AF Rodic, Nemanja
   Burns, Kathleen H.
TI Long Interspersed Element-1 (LINE-1): Passenger or Driver in Human
   Neoplasms?
SO PLOS GENETICS
AB LINE-1 (L1) retrotransposons make up a significant portion of human
   genomes, with an estimated 500,000 copies per genome. Like other
   retrotransposons, L1 retrotransposons propagate through RNA sequences
   that are reverse transcribed into DNA sequences, which are integrated
   into new genomic loci. L1 somatic insertions have the potential to
   disrupt the transcriptome by inserting into or nearby genes. By mutating
   genes and playing a role in epigenetic dysregulation, L1 transposons may
   contribute to tumorigenesis. Studies of the "mobilome" have lagged
   behind other tumor characterizations at the sequence, transcript, and
   epigenetic levels. Here, we consider evidence that L1 retrotransposons
   may sometimes drive human tumorigenesis.
SN 1553-7404
PD MAR
PY 2013
VL 9
IS 3
BP 3402
EP 3402
UT CCC:000316866700072
ER

PT J
AU Sakkas, D
AF Sakkas, Denny
TI Novel technologies for selecting the best sperm for in vitro
   fertilization and intracytoplasmic sperm injection
SO FERTILITY AND STERILITY
AB The increasing focus on developing new tools to more accurately diagnose
   and select individual sperm before intracytoplasmic sperm injection will
   allow us to counsel and treat couples with greater confidence and
   efficiency. Current sperm selection techniques are based on the premise
   that if an ejaculated spermatozoon has cleared spermatogenesis with the
   correct morphology and/or membrane properties then it is most likely
   normal. Techniques that are designed to prepare a clean "normal" sperm
   population or that assist in selecting an individual "normal"
   spermatozoon are currently being investigated. The use of techniques,
   including density-gradient preparation, electrophoretic separation,
   microfluidics, high-magnification sperm morphology selection, and
   hyaluronic acid binding, is discussed. The research evidence that
   supports the interrelated developmental and genetic integrity of the
   selected sperm, particularly sperm DNA damage and clinical outcome
   evidence are presented. (Fertil Steril (R) 2013;99:1023-9. (c) 2013 by
   American Society for Reproductive Medicine.)
SN 0015-0282
PD MAR
PY 2013
VL 99
IS 4
BP 1023
EP 1029
UT CCC:000316663300008
ER

PT J
AU Salamonsen, LA
   Edgell, T
   Rombauts, LJF
   Stephens, AN
   Robertson, DM
   Rainczuk, A
   Nie, GY
   Hannan, NJ
AF Salamonsen, Lois A.
   Edgell, Tracey
   Rombauts, Luk J. F.
   Stephens, Andrew N.
   Robertson, David M.
   Rainczuk, Adam
   Nie, Guiying
   Hannan, Natalie J.
TI Proteomics of the human endometrium and uterine fluid: a pathway to
   biomarker discovery
SO FERTILITY AND STERILITY
AB Failure of the endometrium to achieve receptivity results in
   infertility, and it is also a rate-limiting step in in vitro
   fertilization (IVF) success. The microenvironments provided by the
   endometrium during the receptive phase and that support implantation are
   highly complex and constantly changing as implantation progresses.
   Although a number of gene array studies have defined mRNA changes across
   the cycle, with infertility, and in IVF cycles, these have not generally
   been informative due in part to the subsequent regulation of
   transcription and posttranslational modifications of the proteins.
   State-of-the-art proteomic technologies now enable analysis of changes
   in the endometrium and its secretome related to cycle phase and
   associated with infertility. These techniques include two-dimensional
   differential in-gel electrophoresis, isobaric tags for relative and
   absolute quantitation, and multiplex analyses of selected panels of
   markers. Subsequent definition of cellular location, timing of
   production of identified proteins, and their regulation by steroid
   hormones and blastocyst-derived factors provide indications of their
   functions and their relationship to the establishment of pregnancy.
   Proteins discovered by proteomic analyses and fully evaluated will
   provide the differentiative profiles necessary to inform clinical
   practice and serve as an end point for optimizing stimulation cycles in
   IVF clinics as well as more clearly defining the molecular mechanisms
   underlying successful implantation. (Fertil Steril (R) 2013;99:1086-92.
   (C) 2013 by American Society for Reproductive Medicine.)
SN 0015-0282
PD MAR
PY 2013
VL 99
IS 4
BP 1086
EP 1092
UT CCC:000316663300017
ER

PT J
AU Sarshad, A
   Sadeghifar, F
   Louvet, E
   Mori, R
   Bohm, S
   Al-Muzzaini, B
   Vintermist, A
   Fomproix, N
   Ostlund, AK
   Percipalle, P
AF Sarshad, Aishe
   Sadeghifar, Fatemeh
   Louvet, Emilie
   Mori, Raffaele
   Bohm, Stefanie
   Al-Muzzaini, Bader
   Vintermist, Anna
   Fomproix, Nathalie
   Ostlund, Ann-Kristin
   Percipalle, Piergiorgio
TI Nuclear Myosin 1c Facilitates the Chromatin Modifications Required to
   Activate rRNA Gene Transcription and Cell Cycle Progression
SO PLOS GENETICS
AB Actin and nuclear myosin 1c (NM1) cooperate in RNA polymerase I (pol I)
   transcription. NM1 is also part of a multiprotein assembly, B-WICH,
   which is involved in transcription. This assembly contains the chromatin
   remodeling complex WICH with its subunits WSTF and SNF2h. We report here
   that NM1 binds SNF2h with enhanced affinity upon impairment of the
   actin-binding function. ChIP analysis revealed that NM1, SNF2h, and
   actin gene occupancies are cell cycle-dependent and require intact motor
   function. At the onset of cell division, when transcription is
   temporarily blocked, B-WICH is disassembled due to WSTF phosphorylation,
   to be reassembled on the active gene at exit from mitosis. NM1 gene
   knockdown and motor function inhibition, or stable expression of NM1
   mutants that do not interact with actin or chromatin, overall repressed
   rRNA synthesis by stalling pol I at the gene promoter, led to chromatin
   alterations by changing the state of H3K9 acetylation at gene promoter,
   and delayed cell cycle progression. These results suggest a unique
   structural role for NM1 in which the interaction with SNF2h stabilizes
   B-WICH at the gene promoter and facilitates recruitment of the HAT PCAF.
   This leads to a permissive chromatin structure required for
   transcription activation.
SN 1553-7404
PD MAR
PY 2013
VL 9
IS 3
BP 3397
EP 3397
UT CCC:000316866700068
ER

PT J
AU Schaaf, CA
   Kwak, H
   Koenig, A
   Misulovin, Z
   Gohara, DW
   Watson, A
   Zhou, YJ
   Lis, JT
   Dorsett, D
AF Schaaf, Cheri A.
   Kwak, Hojoong
   Koenig, Amanda
   Misulovin, Ziva
   Gohara, David W.
   Watson, Audrey
   Zhou, Yanjiao
   Lis, John T.
   Dorsett, Dale
TI Genome-Wide Control of RNA Polymerase II Activity by Cohesin
SO PLOS GENETICS
AB Cohesin is a well-known mediator of sister chromatid cohesion, but it
   also influences gene expression and development. These non-canonical
   roles of cohesin are not well understood, but are vital: gene expression
   and development are altered by modest changes in cohesin function that
   do not disrupt chromatid cohesion. To clarify cohesin's roles in
   transcription, we measured how cohesin controls RNA polymerase II (Pol
   II) activity by genome-wide chromatin immunoprecipitation and precision
   global run-on sequencing. On average, cohesin-binding genes have more
   transcriptionally active Pol II and promoter-proximal Pol II pausing
   than non-binding genes, and are more efficient, producing higher steady
   state levels of mRNA per transcribing Pol II complex. Cohesin depletion
   frequently decreases gene body transcription but increases pausing at
   cohesin-binding genes, indicating that cohesin often facilitates
   transition of paused Pol II to elongation. In many cases, this likely
   reflects a role for cohesin in transcriptional enhancer function.
   Strikingly, more than 95% of predicted extragenic enhancers bind
   cohesin, and cohesin depletion can reduce their association with Pol II,
   indicating that cohesin facilitates enhancer-promoter contact. Cohesin
   depletion decreases the levels of transcriptionally engaged Pol II at
   the promoters of most genes that don't bind cohesin, suggesting that
   cohesin controls expression of one or more broadly acting general
   transcription factors. The multiple transcriptional roles of cohesin
   revealed by these studies likely underlie the growth and developmental
   deficits caused by minor changes in cohesin activity.
SN 1553-7404
PD MAR
PY 2013
VL 9
IS 3
BP 3382
EP 3382
UT CCC:000316866700056
ER

PT J
AU Shin, JH
   Wang, HLV
   Lee, J
   Dinwiddie, BL
   Belostotsky, DA
   Chekanova, JA
AF Shin, Jun-Hye
   Wang, Hsiao-Lin V.
   Lee, Jinwon
   Dinwiddie, Brandon L.
   Belostotsky, Dmitry A.
   Chekanova, Julia A.
TI The Role of the Arabidopsis Exosome in siRNA-Independent Silencing of
   Heterochromatic Loci
SO PLOS GENETICS
AB The exosome functions throughout eukaryotic RNA metabolism and has a
   prominent role in gene silencing in yeast. In Arabidopsis, exosome
   regulates expression of a "hidden" transcriptome layer from centromeric,
   pericentromeric, and other heterochromatic loci that are also controlled
   by small (sm) RNA-based de novo DNA methylation (RdDM). However, the
   relationship between exosome and smRNAs in gene silencing in Arabidopsis
   remains unexplored. To investigate whether exosome interacts with RdDM,
   we profiled Arabidopsis smRNAs by deep sequencing in exosome and RdDM
   mutants and also analyzed RdDM-controlled loci. We found that exosome
   loss had a very minor effect on global smRNA populations, suggesting
   that, in contrast to fission yeast, in Arabidopsis the exosome does not
   control the spurious entry of RNAs into smRNA pathways. Exosome defects
   resulted in decreased histone H3K9 dimethylation at RdDM-controlled
   loci, without affecting smRNAs or DNA methylation. Exosome also exhibits
   a strong genetic interaction with RNA Pol V, but not Pol IV, and
   physically associates with transcripts produced from the scaffold RNAs
   generating region. We also show that two Arabidopsis rrp6 homologues act
   in gene silencing. Our data suggest that Arabidopsis exosome may act in
   parallel with RdDM in gene silencing, by epigenetic effects on chromatin
   structure, not through siRNAs or DNA methylation.
SN 1553-7404
PD MAR
PY 2013
VL 9
IS 3
BP 3411
EP 3411
UT CCC:000316866700077
ER

PT J
AU Stadhouders, R
   Kolovos, P
   Brouwer, R
   Zuin, J
   van den Heuvel, A
   Kockx, C
   Palstra, RJ
   Wendt, KS
   Grosveld, F
   van Ijcken, W
   Soler, E
AF Stadhouders, Ralph
   Kolovos, Petros
   Brouwer, Rutger
   Zuin, Jessica
   van den Heuvel, Anita
   Kockx, Christel
   Palstra, Robert-Jan
   Wendt, Kerstin S.
   Grosveld, Frank
   van Ijcken, Wilfred
   Soler, Eric
TI Multiplexed chromosome conformation capture sequencing for rapid
   genome-scale high-resolution detection of long-range chromatin
   interactions
SO NATURE PROTOCOLS
AB Chromosome conformation capture (3C) technology is a powerful and
   increasingly popular tool for analyzing the spatial organization of
   genomes. Several 3C variants have been developed (e. g., 4C, 5C,
   ChIA-PET, Hi-C), allowing large-scale mapping of long-range genomic
   interactions. Here we describe multiplexed 3C sequencing (3C-seq), a 4C
   variant coupled to next-generation sequencing, allowing genome-scale
   detection of long-range interactions with candidate regions. Compared
   with several other available techniques, 3C-seq offers a superior
   resolution (typically single restriction fragment resolution;
   approximately 1-8 kb on average) and can be applied in a
   semi-high-throughput fashion. It allows the assessment of long-range
   interactions of up to 192 genes or regions of interest in parallel by
   multiplexing library sequencing. This renders multiplexed 3C-seq an
   inexpensive, quick (total hands-on time of 2 weeks) and efficient method
   that is ideal for the in-depth analysis of complex genetic loci. The
   preparation of multiplexed 3C-seq libraries can be performed by any
   investigator with basic skills in molecular biology techniques. Data
   analysis requires basic expertise in bioinformatics and in Linux and
   Python environments. The protocol describes all materials, critical
   steps and bioinformatics tools required for successful application of
   3C-seq technology.
SN 1754-2189
PD MAR
PY 2013
VL 8
IS 3
BP 509
EP 524
UT CCC:000317110600007
ER

PT J
AU Streubel, G
   Bouchard, C
   Berberich, H
   Zeller, MS
   Teichmann, S
   Adamkiewicz, J
   Muller, R
   Klempnauer, KH
   Bauer, UM
AF Streubel, Gundula
   Bouchard, Caroline
   Berberich, Hannah
   Zeller, Marc S.
   Teichmann, Sophia
   Adamkiewicz, Juergen
   Mueller, Rolf
   Klempnauer, Karl-Heinz
   Bauer, Uta-Maria
TI PRMT4 Is a Novel Coactivator of c-Myb-Dependent Transcription in
   Haematopoietic Cell Lines
SO PLOS GENETICS
AB Protein arginine methyltransferase 4 (PRMT4)-dependent methylation of
   arginine residues in histones and other chromatin-associated proteins
   plays an important role in the regulation of gene expression. However,
   the exact mechanism of how PRMT4 activates transcription remains
   elusive. Here, we identify the chromatin remodeller Mi2 alpha as a novel
   interaction partner of PRMT4. PRMT4 binds Mi2 alpha and its close
   relative Mi2 beta, but not the other components of the repressive
   Mi2-containing NuRD complex. In the search for the biological role of
   this interaction, we find that PRMT4 and Mi2 alpha/beta interact with
   the transcription factor c-Myb and cooperatively coactivate c-Myb target
   gene expression in haematopoietic cell lines. This coactivation requires
   the methyltransferase and ATPase activity of PRMT4 and Mi2,
   respectively. Chromatin immunoprecipitation analysis shows that c-Myb
   target genes are direct transcriptional targets of PRMT4 and Mi2.
   Knockdown of PRMT4 or Mi2 alpha/beta in haematopoietic cells of the
   erythroid lineage results in diminished transcriptional induction of
   c-Myb target genes, attenuated cell growth and survival, and deregulated
   differentiation resembling the effects caused by c-Myb depletion. These
   findings reveal an important and so far unknown connection between PRMT4
   and the chromatin remodeller Mi2 in c-Myb signalling.
SN 1553-7404
PD MAR
PY 2013
VL 9
IS 3
BP 3343
EP 3343
UT CCC:000316866700020
ER

PT J
AU Tierney, KB
   Kereliuk, M
   Katare, YK
   Scott, AP
   Loeb, SJ
   Zielinski, B
AF Tierney, Keith B.
   Kereliuk, Matthew
   Katare, Yogesh Kumar
   Scott, Alexander P.
   Loeb, Stephen J.
   Zielinski, Barbara
TI Invasive male round gobies (Neogobius melanostomus) release pheromones
   in their urine to attract females
SO CANADIAN JOURNAL OF FISHERIES AND AQUATIC SCIENCES
AB The round goby (Neogobius melanostomus) is an invasive fish in the
   Laurentian Great Lakes and beyond. Pheromones appear to be important for
   their reproductive success, as females are attracted to water in which
   reproductive males have resided ("conditioned water"). Previous
   investigation has shown conjugated and unconjugated forms of 3
   alpha-hydroxy-5 beta-androstane-11,17-dione (11-oxo-etiocholanolone;
   11-O-ETIO) are released in the urine of these males. The goal of this
   study was to determine if the urine of reproductive males and
   fractionated extracts attract females. We found that reproductively
   active females were attracted to male urine and to isolates of
   male-conditioned water that contained conjugated 11-O-ETIO. The
   fractionated preparation that corresponded to unconjugated 11-O-ETIO
   (i.e., "free" steroid released via the gills of males) was not
   attractive to reproductive females, but curiously, it was attractive to
   nonreproductive females. Olfactory sensory deprivation confirmed that
   the behavioural responses were mediated by olfaction. These findings
   take us closer towards identifying the pheromone(s) that attract female
   gobies and, therefore, closer to having a method to limit this species'
   damaging invasion.
SN 0706-652X
PD MAR
PY 2013
VL 70
IS 3
BP 393
EP 400
UT CCC:000317043200005
ER

PT J
AU Vahedi, G
   Poholek, AC
   Hand, TW
   Laurence, A
   Kanno, Y
   O'Shea, JJ
   Hirahara, K
AF Vahedi, Golnaz
   Poholek, Amanda C.
   Hand, Timothy W.
   Laurence, Arian
   Kanno, Yuka
   O'Shea, John J.
   Hirahara, Kiyoshi
TI Helper T-cell identity and evolution of differential transcriptomes and
   epigenomes
SO IMMUNOLOGICAL REVIEWS
AB CD4(+) T cells are critical for the elimination of an immense array of
   microbial pathogens. Among the ways they accomplish this task is to
   generate progeny with specialized, characteristic patterns of gene
   expression. From this perspective, helper cells can be viewed as
   pluripotent precursors that adopt distinct cell fates. Although there
   are aspects of helper cell differentiation that can be modeled as a
   classic cell fate commitment, CD4(+) T cells also maintain considerable
   flexibility in their transcriptional program. This makes sense in terms
   of host defense, but raises the question of how these remarkable cells
   balance both these requirements, a high degree of specific gene
   expression and the capacity for plasticity. In this review, we discuss
   recent advances in our understanding of CD4(+) T-cell specification,
   focusing on how genomic perspectives have influenced our views of these
   processes. The relative contributions of sensors of the cytokine milieu,
   especially the signal transducer and activator of transcription family
   transcription factors, 'master regulators', and other transcription
   factors are considered as they relate to the helper cell transcriptome
   and epigenome.
SN 0105-2896
PD MAR
PY 2013
VL 252
SI SI
BP 24
EP 40
UT CCC:000317078300003
ER

PT J
AU Wang, Y
   Pringle, KG
   Lumbers, ER
AF Wang, Y.
   Pringle, K. G.
   Lumbers, E. R.
TI The effects of cyclic AMP, sex steroids and global hypomethylation on
   the expression of genes controlling the activity of the
   renin-angiotensin system in placental cell lines
SO PLACENTA
AB The placental renin-angiotensin system (RAS) is involved in
   placentation. We have shown that prorenin mRNA (REN) is expressed in a
   first trimester trophoblast cell line (HTR-8/SVneo) but not in a
   choriocarcinoma cell line (BeWo). We attempted to stimulate RAS
   expression in these cells by CAMP, 5'-aza-2'-deoxycytidine (AZA; an
   inhibitor of methylation), cAMP and AZA combined, and the sex steroids
   medroxyprogesterone acetate (MPA) and estradiol-17 beta (E-2) with and
   without cAMP. RAS mRNAs were measured by qPCR and prorenin concentration
   in supernatants measured by an ELISA. In HTR-8/SVneo cells, all
   treatments increased REN expression compared to controls and cAMP + AZA
   combined was more effective than either treatment alone. Prorenin levels
   in supernatants were similarly upregulated. In HTR-8/SVneo cells,
   angiotensinogen (AGT) mRNA expression was increased by MPA + E-2 either
   with or without cAMP. ACT expression was also significantly increased by
   AZA. BeWo cells did not express REN or prorenin and it was not inducible
   with any treatment. AGT expression was significantly increased with AZA,
   the combination of CAMP + AZA, and MPA + E-2 CAMP treatments. Since
   cAMP, AZA, cAMP and AZA combined, or MPA and E-2 with and without cAMP
   in HTR-8/SVneo cells, a cell line most similar in its RAS expression to
   the in vivo placenta, these factors may affect placental RAS activity.
   Surprisingly, these treatments also induced ACT expression in BeWo
   cells. Whether they are involved in regulating ACT in choriocarcinomas
   in vivo remains to be determined. (C) 2013 Elsevier Ltd. All rights
   reserved.
SN 0143-4004
PD MAR
PY 2013
VL 34
IS 3
BP 275
EP 280
UT CCC:000317314900010
ER

PT J
AU Wu, SK
   Lai, PC
   Lin, YC
   Wan, HP
   Lee, HT
   Chang, YH
AF Wu, Shin-Kuan
   Lai, Po-Chen
   Lin, Yu-Chuan
   Wan, Hou-Peng
   Lee, Hom-Ti
   Chang, Ying-Hsi
TI Atmospheric Hydrodeoxygenation of Guaiacol over Alumina-, Zirconia-, and
   Silica-Supported Nickel Phosphide Catalysts
SO ACS SUSTAINABLE CHEMISTRY & ENGINEERING
AB This study investigated atmospheric hydrodeoxygenation (HDO) of guaiacol
   over Ni2P-supported catalysts. Alumina, zirconia, and silica served as
   the supports of Ni2P catalysts. The physicochemical properties of these
   catalysts were surveyed by N-2 physisorption, X-ray diffraction (XRD),
   CO chemisorption, H-2 temperature-programmed reduction (H-2-TPR), H-2
   temperature-programmed desorption (H-2-TPD), and NH3
   temperature-programmed desorption (NH3-TPD). The catalytic performance
   of these catalysts was tested in a continuous fixed-bed system. This
   paper proposes a plausible network of atmospheric guaiacol HDO,
   containing demethoxylation (DMO), demethylation (DME), direct
   deoxygenation (DDO), hydrogenation (HYD), transalkylation, and
   methylation. Pseudo-first-order kinetics analysis shows that the
   intrinsic activity declined in the following order: Ni2P/ZrO2 >
   Ni2P/Al2O3 > Ni2P/SiO2. Product selectivity at zero guaiacol conversion
   indicates that Ni2P/SiO2 promotes DMO and DDO routes, whereas Ni2P/ZrO2
   and Ni2P/Al2O3 enhance DME. These differences were attributed to Ni2P
   morphologies on these supports: SiO2 hosted small Ni2P particles, which
   were more active in H-transfer than large Ni2P clusters supported on
   ZrO2 and Al2O3. Within the first hour of time on-stream testing,
   Ni2P/SiO2 possessed relatively higher activity than Ni2P/ZrO2 and
   Ni2P/Al2O3. Low coke accumulation and excess phosphorus, which may
   replenish the Ni2P phase to maintain its fully phosphided state, were
   likely responsible for the high activity of Ni2P/SiO2 at the outset.
SN 2168-0485
PD MAR
PY 2013
VL 1
IS 3
BP 349
EP 358
UT CCC:000317146000008
ER

PT J
AU Czyzewska, MM
   Mozrzymas, JW
AF Czyzewska, Marta M.
   Mozrzymas, Jerzy W.
TI Monoterpene alpha-thujone exerts a differential inhibitory action on
   GABA(A) receptors implicated in phasic and tonic GABAergic inhibition
SO EUROPEAN JOURNAL OF PHARMACOLOGY
AB A monoterpene ketone, alpha-thujone originally attracted attention as a
   major natural ingredient of absinthe and was suspected to cause adverse
   effects such as hallucinations and seizures in persons excessively
   consuming this beverage. Although subsequent studies ruled out any major
   role of alpha-thujone in the "absynthism", it was found that at high
   doses it may induce epileptic activity pointing to an interaction with
   GABAergic inhibition. Indeed, subsequent studies, including those from
   this laboratory, showed that alpha-thujone inhibits GABAergic currents.
   However, GABA(A) receptors are extremely heterogeneous and in the
   present study we have investigated the effect of alpha-thujone on
   different recombinant GABA(A) receptors (alpha(1)beta(2)gamma(2L),
   alpha(1)beta(2), alpha(1)beta(2)delta and alpha(4)beta(2)delta) relevant
   to phasic or tonic forms of inhibition. We report that alpha-thujone
   inhibits all considered receptor types by a qualitatively similar
   mechanism but the strongest effect is observed for alpha(1)beta(2)delta
   receptors, suggesting that tonic currents might be more sensitive to
   alpha-thujone than the phasic ones. Moreover, we demonstrate that tonic
   currents, mimicked by response to a submicrornollar GABA concentration
   (0.3 mu M) in cultured neurons, showed a substantially larger
   sensitivity to alpha-thujone than responses elicited by higher [GABA]
   (more similar to phasic currents) or Inhibitory Postsynaptic Currents in
   the same preparation. Importantly, the extent of tonic current
   inhibition by alpha-thujone was as strong as in the case of currents
   mediated by alpha(1)beta(2)delta receptors. Altogether, these data
   provide evidence that different GABA(A) receptor subtypes show distinct
   sensitivities to alpha-thujone and suggest that this compound may
   differentially affect tonic and phasic components of GABAergic
   inhibition. (C) 2013 Elsevier B.V. All rights reserved.
SN 0014-2999
PD FEB
PY 2013
VL 702
IS 1-3
BP 38
EP 43
UT CCC:000317153100006
ER

PT J
AU Viggers, H
   Howden-Chapman, P
   Ingham, T
   Chapman, R
   Pene, G
   Davies, C
   Currie, A
   Pierse, N
   Wilson, H
   Zhang, J
   Baker, M
   Crane, J
AF Viggers, Helen
   Howden-Chapman, Philippa
   Ingham, Tristram
   Chapman, Ralph
   Pene, Gina
   Davies, Cheryl
   Currie, Ann
   Pierse, Nevil
   Wilson, Helen
   Zhang, Jane
   Baker, Michael
   Crane, Julian
TI Warm homes for older people: aims and methods of a randomised
   community-based trial for people with COPD
SO BMC PUBLIC HEALTH
AB Background: Chronic Obstructive Pulmonary Disease (COPD) is of
   increasing importance with about one in four people estimated to be
   diagnosed with COPD during their lifetime. None of the existing
   medications for COPD has been shown to have much effect on the long-term
   decline in lung function and there have been few recent
   pharmacotherapeutic advances. Identifying preventive interventions that
   can reduce the frequency and severity of exacerbations could have
   important public health benefits. The Warm Homes for Elder New
   Zealanders study is a community-based trial, designed to test whether a
   NZ$500 electricity voucher paid into the electricity account of older
   people with COPD, with the expressed aim of enabling them to keep their
   homes warm, results in reduced exacerbations and hospitalisation rates.
   It will also examine whether these subsidies are cost-beneficial.
   Methods: Participants had a clinician diagnosis of COPD and had either
   been hospitalised or taken steroids or antibiotics for COPD in the
   previous three years; their median age was 71 years. Participants were
   recruited from three communities between 2009 to early 2011. Where
   possible, participants' houses were retrofitted with insulation. After
   baseline data were received, participants were randomised to either
   'early' or 'late' intervention groups. The intervention was a voucher of
   $500 directly credited to the participants' electricity company account.
   Early group participants received the voucher the first winter they were
   enrolled in the study, late participants during the second winter.
   Objective measures included spirometry and indoor temperatures and
   subjective measures included questions about participant health and
   wellbeing, heating, medication and visits to health professionals.
   Objective health care usage data included hospitalisation and primary
   care visits. Assessments of electricity use were obtained through
   electricity companies using unique customer numbers.
   Discussion: This community trial has successfully enrolled 522 older
   people with COPD. Baseline data showed that, despite having a chronic
   respiratory illness, participants are frequently cold in their houses
   and economise on heating.
   Trial Registration: The clinical trial registration is NCT01627418
SN 1471-2458
PD FEB
PY 2013
VL 13
BP 176
EP 176
UT CCC:000317121400001
ER

PT J
AU Hazelton, PD
   Cope, WG
   Mosher, S
   Pandolfo, TJ
   Belden, JB
   Barnhart, MC
   Bringolf, RB
AF Hazelton, Peter D.
   Cope, W. Gregory
   Mosher, Shad
   Pandolfo, Tamara J.
   Belden, Jason B.
   Barnhart, M. Christopher
   Bringolf, Robert B.
TI Fluoxetine alters adult freshwater mussel behavior and larval
   metamorphosis
SO SCIENCE OF THE TOTAL ENVIRONMENT
AB We used acute and partial-lifecycle tests to examine the effects of the
   pharmaceutical fluoxetine on freshwater mussels (Unionida). In acute
   tests lasting 24-48 h, we determined median effective concentrations
   (EC50s) for fluoxetine with larval (glochidia viability) and juvenile
   (survival) life-stages of fatmucket (Lampsilis siliquoidea) and black
   sandshell (Ligumia recta). In a 28-d behavioral test we exposed brooding
   adult female wavy-rayed lampmussels (Lampsilis fasciola) to 037 and 293
   mu g/L fluoxetine to determine effects on adult behavior (foot
   protrusion, mantle lure display and glochidia parturition). We also
   assessed the effects of 24-h exposure of 1 and 100 mu g/L fluoxetine on
   glochidia viability duration and metamorphosis success for the
   wavy-rayed lampmussel. Fluoxetine EC50s ranged from 62 mu g/L for
   juveniles (96 h) to 293 mu g/L for glochidia (24 h). In adults,
   statistically significant increases were observed in foot protrusion at
   037 and 29.3 mu g/L fluoxetine and lure display rates at 293 mu g/L;
   glothiclia parturition was not significantly affected at any test
   concentration. Twenty-four hour exposure of glochidia to fluoxetine did
   not affect viability duration, but likelihood of metamorphosis to the
   juvenile stage significantly increased with 1 and 100 mu g/L treatments.
   Our results demonstrated effects of fluoxetine to unionid mussels at
   concentrations less than previously reported and approaching
   concentrations measured in surface waters. (C) 2012 Elsevier B.V. All
   rights reserved.
SN 0048-9697
PD FEB
PY 2013
VL 445
BP 94
EP 100
UT CCC:000316826800011
ER

PT J
AU Johnson, PI
   Stapleton, HM
   Mukherjee, B
   Hauser, R
   Meeker, JD
AF Johnson, Paula I.
   Stapleton, Heather M.
   Mukherjee, Bhramar
   Hauser, Russ
   Meeker, John D.
TI Associations between brominated flame retardants in house dust and
   hormone levels in men
SO SCIENCE OF THE TOTAL ENVIRONMENT
AB Brominated flame retardants (BFRs) are used in the manufacture of a
   variety of materials and consumer products in order to meet fire safety
   standards. BFRs may persist in the environment and have been detected in
   wildlife, humans and indoor dust and air. Some BFRs have demonstrated
   endocrine and reproductive effects in animals, but human studies are
   limited. In this exploratory study, we measured serum hormone levels and
   flame retardant concentrations [31 polybrominated diphenyl ether (PBDE)
   congeners and 6 alternate flame retardants] in house dust from men
   recruited through a US infertility clinic. PBDE congeners in dust were
   grouped by commercial mixtures (i.e. penta-, octa- and deca-BDE). In
   multivariable linear regression models adjusted by age and body mass
   index (BMI), significant positive associations were found between house
   dust concentrations of pentaBDEs and serum levels of free T4, total T3,
   estradiol, and sex hormone binding globulin (SHBG), along with an
   inverse association with follicle stimulating hormone (FSH). There were
   also positive associations of octaBDE concentrations with serum free T4,
   thyroid stimulating hormone (TSH), luteinizing hormone (LH) and
   testosterone and an inverse association of decaBDE concentrations with
   testosterone. Hexabromocyclododecane (HBCD) was associated with
   decreased SHBG and increased free androgen index. Dust concentrations of
   bis-tribromophenoxyethane (BTBPE) and tetrabromo-diethylhexylphthalate
   (TBPH) were positively associated with total T3. These findings are
   consistent with our previous report of associations between PBDEs (BDE
   47, 99 and 100) in house dust and hormone levels in men, and further
   suggest that exposure to contaminants in indoor dust may be leading to
   endocrine disruption in men. (C) 2012 Elsevier B.V. All rights reserved.
SN 0048-9697
PD FEB
PY 2013
VL 445
BP 177
EP 184
UT CCC:000316826800020
ER

PT J
AU Koeppe, ES
   Ferguson, KK
   Colacino, JA
   Meeker, JD
AF Koeppe, Erika S.
   Ferguson, Kelly K.
   Colacino, Justin A.
   Meeker, John D.
TI Relationship between urinary triclosan and paraben concentrations and
   serum thyroid measures in NHANES 2007-2008
SO SCIENCE OF THE TOTAL ENVIRONMENT
AB Triclosan and parabens are broad spectrum antimicrobials used in a range
   of consumer products. In vitro and animal studies have suggested the
   potential for these compounds to disrupt thyroid function, though
   studies in humans have been limited. The objective of the study was to
   assess the relationship of urinary concentrations of triclosan and
   parabens with serum thyroid measures in a large, representative sample
   of the US population. We conducted an exploratory, cross-sectional
   analysis of data on urinary biomarkers of triclosan and paraben exposure
   and serum thyroid measures obtained from 1831 subjects (ages >= 12
   years) as part of the 2007-2008 National Health and Nutrition
   Examination Survey (NHANES). We found evidence of some inverse
   associations between parabens and circulating thyroid hormone levels in
   adults, with the strongest and most consistent associations among
   females. We also observed a positive association between triclosan and
   total triiodothyonine (T3) concentrations in adolescents. These results,
   in accordance with the in vitro and animal literature, suggest that
   paraben, and potentially triclosan, exposures may be associated with
   altered thyroid hormone levels in humans. Further research is needed for
   confirmation and to determine the potential clinical and public health
   significance of these findings. (C) 2012 Elsevier B.V. All rights
   reserved.
SN 0048-9697
PD FEB
PY 2013
VL 445
BP 299
EP 305
UT CCC:000316826800031
ER

PT J
AU Li, XL
   Zheng, W
   Kelly, WR
AF Li, Xiaolin
   Zheng, Wei
   Kelly, Walton R.
TI Occurrence and removal of pharmaceutical and hormone contaminants in
   rural wastewater treatment lagoons
SO SCIENCE OF THE TOTAL ENVIRONMENT
AB Rural communities in the United States usually use a series of aerated
   lagoons to treat domestic wastewater. Effluents from these systems are
   typically discharged to receiving watersheds, which leads to a potential
   transfer of pharmaceuticals and personal care products (PPCPs) and
   steroid hormones from sanitary sewage to the environment. The primary
   objectives of this study are to identify and quantify PPCPs and steroid
   hormones in rural sewage treatment lagoons, to investigate the removal
   efficiency of these emerging contaminants in the treatment processes,
   and to monitor their occurrence in the surrounding watershed. In this
   study, a method has been developed to analyze thirteen PPCPs and eight
   steroid hormones in various water samples. Among all of the PPCPs
   considered, ten chemicals were detected in sewage influents, lagoon
   waters of different treatment stages, or effluents at concentrations in
   the ng/L to low mu g/L range. Three hormones were observed in the
   influents at total concentrations as high as 164 ng/L, but no hormone
   residues were detected in the effluents. This indicates that the aerated
   lagoons may effectively remove hormone conthminants. With the exception
   of carbamazepine, removal rates for the other detected PPCPs were
   relatively high in the range of 88 to 100% in September with average air
   temperature equal to 20 degrees C. However, the removal efficiency of
   nine PPCPs in the rural wastewater treatment plant exhibited large
   temporal variability. The concentrations of PPCPs in the lagoon waters
   and effluents collected in November, with average air temperature equal
   to 4.4 degrees C, were 1-2 orders of magnitude higher than those samples
   collected in September. Occurrence of these PPCP contaminants in the
   surrounding watershed was also monitored. The discharge of effluents
   significantly elevated the PPCP concentrations in the receiving creek
   and increased their occurrence in the adjacent river. (C) 2012 Elsevier
   B.V. All rights reserved.
SN 0048-9697
PD FEB
PY 2013
VL 445
BP 22
EP 28
UT CCC:000316826800004
ER

PT J
AU Chan, C
   Wang, Y
   Chow, PKH
   Chung, AYF
   Ooi, LLPJ
   Lee, CG
AF Chan, Cheryl
   Wang, Yu
   Chow, Pierce K. H.
   Chung, Alexander Y. F.
   Ooi, London L. P. J.
   Lee, Caroline G.
TI Altered Binding Site Selection of p53 Transcription Cassettes by
   Hepatitis B Virus X Protein
SO MOLECULAR AND CELLULAR BIOLOGY
AB The key cellular regulator p53 is a common target of viral oncoproteins.
   However, the mechanism by which p53 transcription regulation is
   modulated by hepatitis B virus X protein (HBx), a transcription cofactor
   implicated in hepatitis B virus-associated hepatocellular carcinoma
   (HCC), is poorly understood. By integrating p53 chromatin
   immunoprecipitation (ChIP)-on-chip and expression profiling of an
   HBx-expressing cell culture system, we report that HBx alters p53
   binding site selectivity in the regulatory regions of genes, and this is
   associated with their aberrant expression. Using an HBx-deregulated
   gene, p53AIP1, as a model, we show that HBx aberrantly increases p53AIP1
   expression by conferring p53 selectivity for a more conserved binding
   site in its regulatory region. We further demonstrate that
   HBx-deregulated increased p53AIP1 expression is relevant in HCC livers
   and define a functional role for p53AIP1 in mediating HBx-induced
   apoptosis in vitro. Significantly, we provide evidence that specific
   p53-associated transcription cofactors and coregulators are
   differentially recruited in the presence of HBx, effecting a
   PCAF-mediated "p53 Lys320 acetylation switch" that results in altered
   binding site selection of distinct p53 transcription cassettes. The
   findings here clarify the role of HBx in modulating p53 transcription
   regulation and provide a novel mechanistic insight into this
   deregulation.
SN 0270-7306
PD FEB
PY 2013
VL 33
IS 3
BP 485
EP 497
UT CCC:000317266800002
ER

PT J
AU De Santis, E
   Di Vito, M
   Perrone, GA
   Mari, E
   Osti, M
   De Antoni, E
   Coppola, L
   Tafani, M
   Carpi, A
   Russo, MA
AF De Santis, Elena
   Di Vito, Maura
   Perrone, Giulietta Anna
   Mari, Emanuela
   Osti, Maria
   De Antoni, Enrico
   Coppola, Luigi
   Tafani, Marco
   Carpi, Angelo
   Russo, Matteo A.
TI Overexpression of pro-inflammatory genes and down-regulation of SOCS-1
   in human PTC and in hypoxic BCPAP cells
SO BIOMEDICINE & PHARMACOTHERAPY
AB Hypoxia-inducible factor-1 alpha (HIF-1 alpha) is frequently
   overexpressed and activated in many cancer types. However, its
   regulation and function in thyroid carcinomas are only partially known.
   Aim of our study was to demonstrate that adaptation to the hypoxic
   micro-environment by human papillary thyroid carcinoma (PTC) cells, in
   the absence of leukocyte infiltrate, induces a "molecular inflammation''
   process characterized by the expression of a large set of genes normally
   involved in inflammation. To address this, tumor, peritumor or normal
   host tissue from eleven human PTC surgical samples, were separated by
   laser capture microdissection (LCMD) and studied by real-time
   quantitative PCR and Western blot. In such condition, we observed an
   increased expression and activation of HIF-1 alpha, NF-kB and
   proinflammatory genes only in tumor tissues. Importantly, an
   anti-inflammatory gene such as SOCS-1 was markedly down-regulated in
   tumor tissue compared to surrounding normal host tissue. Similar results
   were found in fine-needle aspiration biopsy (FNAB)-derived specimens
   from PTC and in hypoxic human papillary thyroid tumor cell line, BCPAP.
   Moreover, we also detected an elevated expression of metalloproteinase-9
   (MMP9) both in solid tumor and in hypoxic-treated BCPAP cells. Our
   findings reveal that, in human PTC tumor, hypoxic conditions are
   accompanied by up-regulation of pro-inflammatory genes, down-regulation
   of anti-inflammatory genes and increased expression of MMP9. We propose
   that a better understanding of the pro-and anti-inflammatory pathways
   involved in the "molecular inflammation'' process even in the absence of
   leukocyte, may help to clarify progression toward malignancy and may
   prove useful for new anti-tumor strategy. (C) 2012 Elsevier Masson SAS.
   All rights reserved.
SN 0753-3322
PD FEB
PY 2013
VL 67
IS 1
BP 7
EP 16
UT CCC:000317096300002
ER

PT J
AU Dennehey, BK
   Noone, S
   Liu, WH
   Smith, L
   Churchill, MEA
   Tyler, JK
AF Dennehey, Briana K.
   Noone, Seth
   Liu, Wallace H.
   Smith, Luke
   Churchill, Mair E. A.
   Tyler, Jessica K.
TI The C Terminus of the Histone Chaperone Asf1 Cross-Links to Histone H3
   in Yeast and Promotes Interaction with Histones H3 and H4
SO MOLECULAR AND CELLULAR BIOLOGY
AB The central histone H3/H4 chaperone Asf1 comprises a highly conserved
   globular core and a divergent C-terminal tail. While the function and
   structure of the Asf1 core are well known, the function of the tail is
   less well understood. Here, we have explored the role of the yeast
   (yAsf1) and human (hAsf1a and hAsf1b) Asf1 tails in Saccharomyces
   cerevisiae. We show, using a photoreactive, unnatural amino acid, that
   Asf1 tail residue 210 cross-links to histone H3 in vivo and, further,
   that loss of C-terminal tail residues 211 to 279 weakens yAsf1-histone
   binding affinity in vitro nearly 200-fold. Via several yAsf1 C-terminal
   truncations and yeast-human chimeric proteins, we found that truncations
   at residue 210 increase transcriptional silencing and that the hAsf1a
   tail partially substitutes for full-length yAsf1 with respect to
   silencing but that full-length hAsf1b is a better overall substitute for
   full-length yAsf1. In addition, we show that the C-terminal tail of Asf1
   is phosphorylated at T270 in yeast. Loss of this phosphorylation site
   does not prevent coimmunoprecipitation of yAsf1 and Rad53 from yeast
   extracts, whereas amino acid residue substitutions at the Asf1-histone
   H3/H4 interface do. Finally, we show that residue substitutions in yAsf1
   near the CAF-1/HIRA interface also influence yAsf1's function in
   silencing.
SN 0270-7306
PD FEB
PY 2013
VL 33
IS 3
BP 605
EP 621
UT CCC:000317266800011
ER

PT J
AU Fisk, JC
   Li, J
   Wang, H
   Aletta, JM
   Qu, J
   Read, LK
AF Fisk, John C.
   Li, Jun
   Wang, Hao
   Aletta, John M.
   Qu, Jun
   Read, Laurie K.
TI Proteomic Analysis Reveals Diverse Classes of Arginine Methylproteins in
   Mitochondria of Trypanosomes
SO MOLECULAR & CELLULAR PROTEOMICS
AB Arginine (arg) methylation is a widespread posttranslational
   modification of proteins that impacts numerous cellular processes such
   as chromatin remodeling, RNA processing, DNA repair, and cell signaling.
   Known arg methylproteins arise mostly from yeast and mammals, and are
   almost exclusively nuclear and cytoplasmic. Trypanosoma brucei is an
   early branching eukaryote whose genome encodes five putative protein arg
   methyltransferases, and thus likely contains a plethora of arg
   methylproteins. Additionally, trypanosomes and related organisms possess
   a unique mitochondrion that undergoes dramatic developmental regulation
   and uses novel RNA editing and mitochondrial DNA replication mechanisms.
   Here, we performed a global mass spectrometric analysis of the T. brucei
   mitochondrion to identify new arg methylproteins in this medically
   relevant parasite. Enabling factors of this work are use of a
   combination digestion with two orthogonal enzymes, an efficient offline
   two dimensional chromatography separation, and high-resolution mass
   spectrometry analysis with two complementary activations. This approach
   led to the comprehensive, sensitive and confident identification and
   localization of methylarg at a proteome level. We identified 167 arg
   methylproteins with wide-ranging functions including metabolism,
   transport, chaperoning, RNA processing, translation, and DNA
   replication. Our data suggest that arg methylproteins in trypanosome
   mitochondria possess both trypanosome-specific and evolutionarily
   conserved modifications, depending on the protein targeted. This study
   is the first comprehensive analysis of mitochondrial arg methylation in
   any organism, and represents a significant advance in our knowledge of
   the range of arg methylproteins and their sites of modification.
   Moreover, these studies establish T. brucei as a model organism for the
   study of posttranslational modifications. Molecular & Cellular
   Proteomics 12: 10.1074/mcp.M112.022533, 302-311, 2013.
RI qu, jun/C-5828-2008
OI qu, jun/0000-0002-1346-6809
SN 1535-9476
PD FEB
PY 2013
VL 12
IS 2
BP 302
EP 311
UT CCC:000317339400003
ER

PT J
AU Gazzolo, D
   Serpero, LD
   Frigiola, A
   Abella, R
   Giamberti, A
   Volti, GL
   Michetti, F
AF Gazzolo, Diego
   Serpero, Laura D.
   Frigiola, Alessandro
   Abella, Raul
   Giamberti, Alessandro
   Volti, Giovanni Li
   Michetti, Fabrizio
TI Antenatal Glucocorticoids Supplementation and Central Nervous System
   Development
SO CURRENT DRUG METABOLISM
AB Maternal antenatal therapy with glucocorticoids (GC) is routinely used
   to prevent lung immaturity. The potential harmful effects on other
   organs, including in particular the central nervous system (CNS), are
   still controversial.
   In the present review we aimed to investigate: i) the beneficial and
   detrimental effects of antenatal GC treatment in both human and animal
   models; ii) the potential usefulness of biochemical markers such as
   calcium binding proteins (S100B, synaptophysin) and cytoskeletal protein
   of neurons and dendrites (MAP2) in the perinatal period, and iii)
   whether the assessment of brain markers in different biological fluids
   could constitute a promising tool for the monitoring of CNS function
   and/or developmental in fetuses and newborns whose mothers assumed GC
   antenatally.
SN 1389-2002
PD FEB
PY 2013
VL 14
IS 2
BP 160
EP 166
UT CCC:000317118200002
ER

PT J
AU Liu, J
   Xie, YS
   Wang, FL
   Zhang, LJ
   Zhang, Y
   Luo, HS
AF Liu, Juan
   Xie, Yi-Shan
   Wang, Fu-Liang
   Zhang, Li-Jun
   Zhang, Yan
   Luo, He-Sheng
TI Cytotoxicity of 5-Aza-2 '-deoxycytidine against gastric cancer involves
   DNA damage in an ATM-P53 dependent signaling pathway and demethylation
   of P16(INK4A)
SO BIOMEDICINE & PHARMACOTHERAPY
AB The DNA methylation inhibitor 5-Aza-2'-deoxycytidine (5-Aza-CdR) has
   increasingly attracted worldwide attention for its antineoplastic
   potential. The cytotoxitic mechanisms, however, especially, the relative
   contribution of silenced genes reactivation by demethylation and
   enzyme-DNA adduct formation to the efficacy of 5-Aza-CdR is still a
   crucial unresolved question. In this investigation, we demonstrated that
   5-Aza-CdR treatment resulted in growth suppression in a concentration
   and time-dependent manner and G2 phrase arrest - hallmarks of a DNA
   damage response in gastric cancer AGS cells. Formation of DNA
   double-strand breaks, as monitored by comet assay was examined in an ATM
   (ataxia-telangiectasia mutated)-dependent manner based on the fact that
   PI3K inhibitor Wortmannin abolished the action of cytotoxicity of
   5-Aza-CdR. Upon treatment with 5-Aza-CdR, ATM activation was clearly
   associated with P53 phosphorylation at Ser(15), which was directly
   responsible for 5-Aza-CdR modified P21(Waf1/Cip1) expression. Further
   exploration revealed that demethylation of P16(INK4A) correlated with
   the strikingly down-regulated expressions of DNA methyltransferase 3A as
   well as 3B was, at least in part, attributed to the cytotoxicity of
   5-Aza-CdR in AGS cells. Conclusively, these results greatly enhance our
   understanding of the mechanisms of cytotoxicity of 5-Aza-CdR and
   strongly provide the preclinical rationale for an assessment of
   5-Aza-CdR to ameliorate patient outcome with gastric cancer. (C) 2012
   Elsevier Masson SAS. All rights reserved.
SN 0753-3322
PD FEB
PY 2013
VL 67
IS 1
BP 78
EP 87
UT CCC:000317096300013
ER

PT J
AU Liu, QM
   Ding, C
   Liu, WL
   Song, L
   Liu, MW
   Qi, L
   Fu, TY
   Malovannaya, A
   Wang, Y
   Qin, J
   Zhen, B
AF Liu, Qiongming
   Ding, Chen
   Liu, Wanlin
   Song, Lei
   Liu, Mingwei
   Qi, Liang
   Fu, Tianyi
   Malovannaya, Anna
   Wang, Yi
   Qin, Jun
   Zhen, Bei
TI In-depth Proteomic Characterization of Endogenous Nuclear Receptors in
   Mouse Liver
SO MOLECULAR & CELLULAR PROTEOMICS
AB Nuclear receptors (NRs) are a superfamily of transcription factors that,
   upon binding to ligands, bind specific DNA sequences and regulate a
   transcriptional program governing cell proliferation, differentiation,
   and metabolism. In the liver, by sensing lipid-soluble hormones and
   dietary lipids and governing the expression of key liver metabolic
   genes, NR proteins direct a large array of key hepatic functions that
   include lipid and glucose metabolism, bile secretion, and bile acid
   homeostasis. Although much has been learned about the physiology of NRs,
   little is known about their protein expression and DNA binding activity
   in the liver because of their low abundance and the lack of
   high-throughput methods for detection at the protein level. Here we
   report a method for profiling the DNA binding activity of the NR
   transcription factor superfamily in mouse liver. We use DNA constructs
   of hormone response elements (HREs) as affinity reagents to enrich NR
   proteins from nuclear extracts of mouse liver and then identify them
   using mass spectrometry. We evaluated 20 DNA constructs containing
   various combinations of HREs for their ability to enrich endogenous NR
   proteins and found that two different HREs are sufficient to achieve
   isolation and identification of nearly all endogenous NR proteins from
   one mouse liver. We have detected proteins for 35 members of the NR
   family out of 41 that are expressed in mouse liver at mRNA level. Thus,
   this method allows coverage of most of the whole NR proteome and
   establishes a practical assay for the investigation of NR actions in
   mouse liver. We anticipate that this method will find widespread use in
   future investigations of NR actions in liver biology and pathology.
   Furthermore, this workflow is a useful tool for NR biologists interested
   in measuring NR expression, DNA binding, post-translational
   modifications, cellular localization, and other functional aspects of
   NRs in organs under normal physiological and pathological conditions, as
   well as during pharmacological intervention. Molecular & Cellular
   Proteomics 12: 10.1074/mcp.M112.022319, 473-484, 2013.
SN 1535-9476
PD FEB
PY 2013
VL 12
IS 2
BP 473
EP 484
UT CCC:000317339400015
ER

PT J
AU Miller, MJ
   Scalf, M
   Rytz, TC
   Hubler, SL
   Smith, LM
   Vierstra, RD
AF Miller, Marcus J.
   Scalf, Mark
   Rytz, Therese C.
   Hubler, Shane L.
   Smith, Lloyd M.
   Vierstra, Richard D.
TI Quantitative Proteomics Reveals Factors Regulating RNA Biology as
   Dynamic Targets of Stress-induced SUMOylation in Arabidopsis
SO MOLECULAR & CELLULAR PROTEOMICS
AB The stress-induced attachment of small ubiquitin-like modifier (SUMO) to
   a diverse collection of nuclear proteins regulating chromatin
   architecture, transcription, and RNA biology has been implicated in
   protecting plants and animals against numerous environmental challenges.
   In order to better understand stress-induced SUMOylation, we combined
   stringent purification of SUMO conjugates with isobaric tag for relative
   and absolute quantification mass spectrometry and an advanced method to
   adjust for sample-to-sample variation so as to study quantitatively the
   SUMOylation dynamics of intact Arabidopsis seedlings subjected to
   stress. Inspection of 172 SUMO substrates during and after heat shock
   (37 degrees C) revealed that stress mostly increases the abundance of
   existing conjugates, as opposed to modifying new targets. Some of the
   most robustly up-regulated targets participate in RNA processing and
   turnover and RNA-directed DNA modification, thus implicating SUMO as a
   regulator of the transcriptome during stress. Many of these targets were
   also strongly SUMOylated during ethanol and oxidative stress, suggesting
   that their modification is crucial for general stress tolerance.
   Collectively, our quantitative data emphasize the importance of SUMO to
   RNA-related processes protecting plants from adverse environments.
   Molecular & Cellular Proteomics 12: 10.1074/mcp.M112.025056, 449-463,
   2013.
SN 1535-9476
PD FEB
PY 2013
VL 12
IS 2
BP 449
EP 463
UT CCC:000317339400013
ER

PT J
AU Rose, K
AF Rose, Karsten
TI Foscarnet reduces FGF2-induced proliferation of human umbilical vein
   endothelial cells and has antineoplastic activity against human
   anaplastic thyroid carcinoma cells
SO BIOMEDICINE & PHARMACOTHERAPY
AB In contrast to many reports dealing with inhibitors of growth factor
   receptors like VEGF or FGFR, only few reports of low molecular weight
   inhibitors, which are directed against growth factors itself, are known.
   Here, foscarnet, an antiviral drug which inhibits several viral DNA
   polymerases by mimic pyrophosphate of nucleotides, was identified to
   interact with fibroblast growth factor 2 and stabilize the growth factor
   against tryptic digestion similar like the non-nitrogen containing
   bisphosphonates clodronate and etidronate that we have reported just
   recently as inhibitors of FGF-induced cell proliferation. Foscarnet
   competes with ATP against the binding on fibroblast growth factor 2 at
   the heparin/ATP-binding domain. This indicates binding of foscarnet at
   the heparin-binding domain of FGF2. This interaction of foscarnet with
   fibroblast growth factor 2 reduces FGF2-induced proliferation of human
   umbilical vein endothelial cells and intracellular signaling via ERK1/2
   kinases in this cell line. Additionally, foscarnet reduces in a
   dose-dependent manner proliferation of CAL-62 cells that belong to
   anaplastic thyroid carcinoma, a rare but lethal type of thyroid cancer
   that expresses FGF2. (C) 2012 Elsevier Masson SAS. All rights reserved.
SN 0753-3322
PD FEB
PY 2013
VL 67
IS 1
BP 53
EP 57
UT CCC:000317096300009
ER

PT J
AU Wang, CY
   Kao, YH
   Lai, PY
   Chen, WY
   Chung, BC
AF Wang, Chia-Yih
   Kao, Yung-Hsin
   Lai, Pao-Yen
   Chen, Wei-Yi
   Chung, Bon-chu
TI Steroidogenic Factor 1 (NR5A1) Maintains Centrosome Homeostasis in
   Steroidogenic Cells by Restricting Centrosomal DNA-Dependent Protein
   Kinase Activation
SO MOLECULAR AND CELLULAR BIOLOGY
AB Steroidogenic factor 1 (SF-1 or NR5A1) is a nuclear receptor that
   controls adrenogenital cell growth and differentiation. Adrenogenital
   primordial cells from SF-1 knockout mice die of apoptosis, but the
   mechanism by which SF-1 regulates cell survival is not entirely clear.
   Besides functioning in the nucleus, SF-1 also resides in the centrosome
   and controls centrosome homeostasis. Here, we show that SF-1 restricts
   centrosome overduplication by inhibiting aberrant activation of
   DNA-dependent protein kinase (DNA-PK) in the centrosome. SF-1 was found
   to be associated with Ku70/Ku80 only in the centrosome, sequestering
   them from the catalytic subunit of DNA-PK (DNA-PKcs). In the absence of
   SF-1, DNA-PKcs was recruited to the centrosome and activated, causing
   aberrant activation of centrosomal Akt and cyclin-dependent kinase 2
   (CDK2)/cyclin A and leading to centrosome overduplication. Centrosome
   overduplication caused by SF-1 depletion was averted by the elimination
   of DNA-PKcs, Ku70/80, or cyclin A or by the inhibition of CDK2 or Akt.
   In the nucleus, SF-1 did not interact with Ku70/80, and SF-1 depletion
   did not activate a nuclear DNA damage response. Centriole biogenesis was
   also unaffected. Thus, centrosomal DNA-PK signaling triggers centrosome
   overduplication, and this centrosomal event, but not the nuclear DNA
   damage response, is controlled by SF-1.
SN 0270-7306
PD FEB
PY 2013
VL 33
IS 3
BP 476
EP 484
UT CCC:000317266800001
ER

PT J
AU Chandler, RL
   Brennan, J
   Schisler, JC
   Serber, D
   Patterson, C
   Magnuson, T
AF Chandler, Ronald L.
   Brennan, Jennifer
   Schisler, Jonathan C.
   Serber, Daniel
   Patterson, Cam
   Magnuson, Terry
TI ARID1a-DNA Interactions Are Required for Promoter Occupancy by SWI/SNF
SO MOLECULAR AND CELLULAR BIOLOGY
AB Every known SWI/SNF chromatin-remodeling complex incorporates an ARID
   DNA binding domain-containing subunit. Despite being a ubiquitous
   component of the complex, physiological roles for this domain remain
   undefined. Here, we show that disruption of ARID1a-DNA binding in mice
   results in embryonic lethality, with mutant embryos manifesting
   prominent defects in the heart and extraembryonic vasculature. The DNA
   binding-defective mutant ARID1a subunit is stably expressed and capable
   of assembling into a SWI/SNF complex with core catalytic properties, but
   nucleosome substrate binding and promoter occupancy by ARID1a-containing
   SWI/SNF complexes (BAF-A) are impaired. Depletion of ARID
   domain-dependent, BAF-A associations at THROMBOSPONDIN 1 (THBS1) led to
   the concomitant upregulation of this SWI/SNF target gene. Using a THBS1
   promoter-reporter gene, we further show that BAF-A directly regulates
   THBS1 promoter activity in an ARID domain-dependent manner. Our data not
   only demonstrate that ARID1a-DNA interactions are physiologically
   relevant in higher eukaryotes but also indicate that these interactions
   facilitate SWI/SNF binding to target sites in vivo. These findings
   support the model wherein cooperative interactions among intrinsic
   subunit-chromatin interaction domains and sequence-specific
   transcription factors drive SWI/SNF recruitment.
SN 0270-7306
PD JAN
PY 2013
VL 33
IS 2
BP 265
EP 280
UT CCC:000317186300007
ER

PT J
AU Chen, X
   Muller, GA
   Quaas, M
   Fischer, M
   Han, N
   Stutchbury, B
   Sharrocks, AD
   Engeland, K
AF Chen, Xi
   Mueller, Gerd A.
   Quaas, Marianne
   Fischer, Martin
   Han, Namshik
   Stutchbury, Benjamin
   Sharrocks, Andrew D.
   Engeland, Kurt
TI The Forkhead Transcription Factor FOXM1 Controls Cell Cycle-Dependent
   Gene Expression through an Atypical Chromatin Binding Mechanism
SO MOLECULAR AND CELLULAR BIOLOGY
AB There are nearly 50 forkhead (FOX) transcription factors encoded in the
   human genome and, due to sharing a common DNA binding domain, they are
   all thought to bind to similar DNA sequences. It is therefore unclear
   how these transcription factors are targeted to specific chromatin
   regions to elicit specific biological effects. Here, we used chromatin
   immunoprecipitation followed by sequencing (ChIP-seq) to investigate the
   genome-wide chromatin binding mechanisms used by the forkhead
   transcription factor FOXM1. In keeping with its previous association
   with cell cycle control, we demonstrate that FOXM1 binds and regulates a
   group of genes which are mainly involved in controlling late cell cycle
   events in the G(2) and M phases. However, rather than being recruited
   through canonical RYAAAYA forkhead binding motifs, FOXM1 binding is
   directed via CHR (cell cycle genes homology region) elements. FOXM1
   binds these elements through protein-protein interactions with the MMB
   transcriptional activator complex. Thus, we have uncovered a novel and
   unexpected mode of chromatin binding of a FOX transcription factor that
   allows it to specifically control cell cycle-dependent gene expression.
SN 0270-7306
PD JAN
PY 2013
VL 33
IS 2
BP 227
EP 236
UT CCC:000317186300004
ER

PT J
AU Huh, J
   Piwnica-Worms, H
AF Huh, Jiwon
   Piwnica-Worms, Helen
TI CRL4(CDT2) Targets CHK1 for PCNA-Independent Destruction
SO MOLECULAR AND CELLULAR BIOLOGY
AB CDT2 targets proteins involved in replication licensing (CDT1), cell
   cycle control (p21), and chromatin modification (SET8) for destruction
   by the CUL4-based E3 ligase (CRL4).CRL4(CDT2) recruits these substrates
   through interactions with chromatin-bound PCNA and ubiquitinates them
   exclusively on chromatin. Rereplication and G(2) cell cycle arrest are
   observed in CDT2-depleted cells. The rereplication phenotype has been
   attributed to an inability to destroy CDT1, but the molecular target
   important for G(2) cell cycle arrest in CDT2-depleted cells has not been
   identified. Here we identify CHK1 as a novel CRL4(CDT2) substrate and
   demonstrate that CHK1 activity is required for maintaining G(2) arrest
   in CDT2-depleted cells. We demonstrate that CRL4(CDT2) targets the
   activated form of CHK1 for destruction in the nucleoplasm rather than on
   chromatin and that this occurs in a PCNA-independent manner. Although
   both CRL1 and CRL4 ubiquitinate CHK1, we report that they bind CHK1 in
   distinct cellular compartments. Our study provides insight into how
   elevated CDT2 expression levels may provide tumors with a proliferative
   advantage.
SN 0270-7306
PD JAN
PY 2013
VL 33
IS 2
BP 213
EP 226
UT CCC:000317186300003
ER

PT J
AU Itoh, Y
   Suzuki, T
   Miyata, N
AF Itoh, Yukihiro
   Suzuki, Takayoshi
   Miyata, Naoki
TI Small-molecular modulators of cancer-associated epigenetic mechanisms
SO MOLECULAR BIOSYSTEMS
AB DNA methylation and posttranslational histone modifications regulate
   expression of various genes independently of changes in the DNA
   sequence. Such epigenetic mechanisms play important roles in controlling
   cellular functions, including the cell cycle, immunoresponses and signal
   transduction. On the other hand, epigenetic aberrations are associated
   with oncogenesis and proliferation of cancer cells, and epigenetic
   alterations have been identified in many human cancer cells.
   Furthermore, chemical-biological approaches have uncovered relationships
   between epigenetic dysregulation and cancer, and several small molecules
   that modulate epigenetic mechanisms have already been approved for
   cancer therapy. In this review, we deal with chemical epigenetics
   relevant to cancer therapy, focusing especially on small molecules that
   regulate epigenetic mechanisms related to DNA methylation and histone
   modification.
SN 1742-206X
PY 2013
VL 9
IS 5
BP 873
EP 896
UT CCC:000316963500006
ER

PT J
AU Jain, R
   Jain, SC
   Bhagchandani, T
   Yadav, N
AF Jain, Renuka
   Jain, Satish C.
   Bhagchandani, Teena
   Yadav, Namita
TI New Furanocoumarins and Other Chemical Constituents from Ficus carica
   Root Heartwood
SO ZEITSCHRIFT FUR NATURFORSCHUNG SECTION C-A JOURNAL OF BIOSCIENCES
AB Two new furanocoumarins, 5-(1 '',1 ''-dimethylallyl)-8-methyl psoralen
   (1) and 2 ''-O-acetyl oxypeucedanin hydrate-3 ''-methyl ether (2), were
   isolated from the root heartwood of Ficus carica Linn. together with
   three known furanocoumarins, two triterpenoids, two long-chain
   compounds, and a steroid. Their structures and relative configurations
   were elucidated by spectroscopic methods (IR, HR-ESI-MS, and NMR) and by
   comparison of their NMR spectral data with those of related compounds.
SN 0939-5075
PD JAN-FEB
PY 2013
VL 68
IS 1-2
BP 3
EP 7
UT CCC:000317025300002
ER

PT J
AU Konikkara, JJ
   Perurena, OH
   Warach, S
   Bauserman, SC
AF Konikkara, John J.
   Perurena, Osvaldo H.
   Warach, Steven
   Bauserman, Steven C.
TI A 62-Year-Old Man With Fluctuating Neurological Deficits and Skin
   Lesions
SO JAMA NEUROLOGY
AB A 62-year-old man with no significant medical history experienced
   fatigue, night sweats, hoarseness of voice, and dry cough, which were
   followed by vision disturbances in his left eye. He lost about 4.5 kg
   (10 lb) in just over a month. Three weeks later, he had difficulty
   recollecting his e-mail password and trouble with word finding. The next
   day, he experienced numbness in his left arm. He also developed a
   maculopapular and erythematous rash in the groin, genitalia, and
   buttocks. The results of an initial neurological examination were
   normal, including his higher mental functions. An initial blood workup
   revealed normocytic normochromic anemia. The results of cerebrospinal
   fluid studies were unremarkable. Magnetic resonance imaging of his brain
   at hospital admission revealed multifocal increased T2 signals in the
   subcortical white matter. A conventional cerebral angiogram was
   unremarkable. A biopsy specimen from the right frontal lobe revealed
   demyelination and perivascular lymphocytic infiltration. A provisional
   diagnosis of acute disseminated encephalomyelitis was made. In spite of
   steroid treatment and plasmapheresis, his clinical status deteriorated
   rapidly. The approach to the diagnosis of a rapidly progressive
   multifocal brain disorder is discussed. JAMA Neurol. 2013;70(1):120-124.
   Published online October 15, 2012. doi:10.1001/2013.jamaneurol.469
SN 2168-6149
PD JAN
PY 2013
VL 70
IS 1
BP 120
EP 124
UT CCC:000316800300018
ER

PT J
AU Sen, P
   Vivas, P
   Dechassa, ML
   Mooney, AM
   Poirier, MG
   Bartholomew, B
AF Sen, Payel
   Vivas, Paula
   Dechassa, Mekonnen Lemma
   Mooney, Alex M.
   Poirier, Michael G.
   Bartholomew, Blaine
TI The SnAC Domain of SWI/SNF Is a Histone Anchor Required for Remodeling
SO MOLECULAR AND CELLULAR BIOLOGY
AB The SWI/SNF chromatin remodeling complex changes the positions where
   nucleosomes are bound to DNA, exchanges out histone dimers, and
   disassembles nucleosomes. All of these activities depend on ATP
   hydrolysis by the catalytic subunit Snf2, containing a DNA-dependent
   ATPase domain. Here we examine the role of another domain in Snf2 called
   SnAC (Snf2 ATP coupling) that was shown previously to regulate the
   ATPase activity of SWI/SNF. We have found that SnAC has another function
   besides regulation of ATPase activity that is even more critical for
   nucleosome remodeling by SWI/SNF. We have found that deletion of the
   SnAC domain strongly uncouples ATP hydrolysis from nucleosome movement.
   Deletion of SnAC does not adversely affect the rate, processivity, or
   pulling force of SWI/SNF to translocate along free DNA in an
   ATP-dependent manner. The uncoupling of ATP hydrolysis from nucleosome
   movement is shown to be due to loss of SnAC binding to the histone
   surface of nucleosomes. While the SnAC domain targets both the ATPase
   domain and histones, the SnAC domain as a histone anchor plays a more
   critical role in remodeling because it is required to convert DNA
   translocation into nucleosome movement.
SN 0270-7306
PD JAN
PY 2013
VL 33
IS 2
BP 360
EP 370
UT CCC:000317186300014
ER

PT J
AU St Aubin, DJ
   Forney, KA
   Chivers, SJ
   Scott, MD
   Danil, K
   Romano, TA
   Wells, RS
   Gulland, FMD
AF St Aubin, David J.
   Forney, Karin A.
   Chivers, Susan J.
   Scott, Michael D.
   Danil, Kerri
   Romano, Tracy A.
   Wells, Randall S.
   Gulland, Frances M. D.
TI Hematological, serum, and plasma chemical constituents in pantropical
   spotted dolphins (Stenella attenuata) following chase, encirclement, and
   tagging
SO MARINE MAMMAL SCIENCE
AB Hematology, serum chemistry, and plasma hormones were evaluated in 72
   pantropical spotted dolphins (Stenella attenuata attenuata) from the
   eastern tropical Pacific in an attempt to define the degree of stress
   associated with chase and encirclement by a tuna purse seiner, and are
   here reported for the first time for this species. Dolphins had high
   levels of dopamine and moderately elevated levels of enzymes indicative
   of the expected muscle damage following exertion of the chase. The
   length of time between the start of the capture operation and blood
   sampling correlated with increases in platelet and white blood cell
   counts and mean cell hemoglobin concentration, while the length of time
   between net tie-down and blood sampling influenced platelet, white blood
   cell, and eosinophil counts. Ten dolphins recaptured 1-3 d after their
   first capture had significantly lower serum creatinine kinase, thyroid
   (T4) and globulin levels compared to values in dolphins sampled at
   nominal first capture. Although small sample sizes and large individual
   variation limit interpretation, these data indicate a stress response
   occurred in all dolphins, but the extent of the response is within the
   expected range for adaptive responses previously measured in limited
   numbers of wild mammals.
SN 0824-0469
PD JAN
PY 2013
VL 29
IS 1
BP 14
EP 35
UT CCC:000317288200002
ER

PT J
AU Stojkovic, CA
   Smeulders, MJC
   Van der Horst, CM
   Khan, SM
AF Stojkovic, Christa A.
   Smeulders, Mark J. C.
   Van der Horst, Chantal M.
   Khan, Sameena M.
TI Wound drainage after plastic and reconstructive surgery of the breast
SO COCHRANE DATABASE OF SYSTEMATIC REVIEWS
AB Background
   Wound drains are often used after plastic and reconstructive surgery of
   the breast, in order to reduce potential complications. It is unclear
   whether there is any evidence to support this practice and we therefore
   undertook a systematic review of the best evidence available.
   Objectives
   To compare the safety and efficacy of the use of wound drains following
   elective plastic and reconstructive surgery procedures of the breast.
   Search methods
   We searched the Cochrane Wounds Group Specialised Register (searched 3
   August 2012); The Cochrane Central Register of Controlled Trials
   (CENTRAL) (The Cochrane Library 2012, Issue 7); Ovid MEDLINE (1950 to
   July Week 4 2012); Ovid MEDLINE (In-Process & Other Non-Indexed
   Citations August 2, 2011); Ovid EMBASE (1980 to 2012 Week 30); and EBSCO
   CINAHL (1982 to 2 August 2012). There were no restrictions on the basis
   of date or language of publication.
   Selection criteria
   Two review authors undertook independent screening of the search
   results. All randomised trials that compared the use of a wound drain
   with no wound drain following plastic and reconstructive surgery of the
   breast (breast augmentation, breast reduction and breast reconstruction)
   in women were eligible.
   Data collection and analysis
   Two review authors undertook independent data extraction of study
   characteristics, methodological quality and outcomes (e. g. infection,
   other wound complications, pain, and length of hospital stay). Risk of
   bias was assessed independently by two review authors. We calculated the
   risk ratio (RR) for dichotomous outcomes and mean differences (MD) for
   continuous outcomes, with 95% confidence intervals. Analysis was on an
   intention-to-treat basis.
   Main results
   Three randomised trials were identified and included in the review out
   of 109 studies that were initially screened; all evaluated wound
   drainage after breast reduction surgery. In total there were 306 women
   in the three trials, and 505 breasts were studied (254 drained, and 251
   who were not drained). Apart from a significantly shorter duration of
   hospital stay for those participants who did not have drains (MD 0.77;
   95% CI 0.40 to 1.14), there was no statistically significant impact of
   the use of drains on outcomes.
   Authors' conclusions
   The limited evidence available shows no significant benefit of using
   post-operative wound drains in reduction mammoplasty, though hospital
   stay may be shorter when drains are not used. No data are available for
   breast augmentation or breast reconstruction, and this requires
   investigation.
SN 1469-493X
PY 2013
IS 3
BP 7258
EP 7258
UT CCC:000316885700006
ER

PT J
AU Verzi, MP
   Shin, HJ
   San Roman, AK
   Liu, XS
   Shivdasani, RA
AF Verzi, Michael P.
   Shin, Hyunjin
   San Roman, Adrianna K.
   Liu, X. Shirley
   Shivdasani, Ramesh A.
TI Intestinal Master Transcription Factor CDX2 Controls Chromatin Access
   for Partner Transcription Factor Binding
SO MOLECULAR AND CELLULAR BIOLOGY
AB Tissue-specific gene expression requires modulation of nucleosomes,
   allowing transcription factors to occupy cis elements that are
   accessible only in selected tissues. Master transcription factors
   control cell-specific genes and define cellular identities, but it is
   unclear if they possess special abilities to regulate cell-specific
   chromatin and if such abilities might underlie lineage determination and
   maintenance. One prevailing view is that several transcription factors
   enable chromatin access in combination. The homeodomain protein CDX2
   specifies the embryonic intestinal epithelium, through unknown
   mechanisms, and partners with transcription factors such as HNF4A in the
   adult intestine. We examined enhancer chromatin and gene expression
   following Cdx2 or Hnf4a excision in mouse intestines. HNF4A loss did not
   affect CDX2 binding or chromatin, whereas CDX2 depletion modified
   chromatin significantly at CDX2-bound enhancers, disrupted HNF4A
   occupancy, and abrogated expression of neighboring genes. Thus, CDX2
   maintains transcription-permissive chromatin, illustrating a powerful
   and dominant effect on enhancer configuration in an adult tissue.
   Similar, hierarchical control of cell-specific chromatin states is
   probably a general property of master transcription factors.
SN 0270-7306
PD JAN
PY 2013
VL 33
IS 2
BP 281
EP 292
UT CCC:000317186300008
ER

PT J
AU Wall, ECB
   Ajdukiewicz, KMB
   Heyderman, RS
   Garner, P
AF Wall, Emma C. B.
   Ajdukiewicz, Katherine M. B.
   Heyderman, Robert S.
   Garner, Paul
TI Osmotic therapies added to antibiotics for acute bacterial meningitis
SO COCHRANE DATABASE OF SYSTEMATIC REVIEWS
AB Background
   Every day children and adults throughout the world die from acute
   community-acquired bacterial meningitis, particularly in lowincome
   countries. Survivors are at risk of deafness, epilepsy and neurological
   disabilities. Osmotic therapies have been proposed as an adjunct to
   improve mortality and morbidity from bacterial meningitis. The theory is
   that they will attract extra-vascular fluid by osmosis and thus reduce
   cerebral oedema by moving excess water from the brain into the blood.
   The intention is to thus reduce death and improve neurological outcomes.
   Objectives
   To evaluate the effects on mortality, deafness and neurological
   disability of osmotic therapies added to antibiotics for acute bacterial
   meningitis in children and adults.
   Search methods
   We searched CENTRAL 2012, Issue 11, MEDLINE (1950 to November week 3,
   2012), EMBASE (1974 to November 2012), CINAHL (1981 to November 2012),
   LILACS (1982 to November 2012) and registers of ongoing clinical trials
   (April 2012). We also searched conference abstracts and contacted
   researchers in the field.
   Selection criteria
   Randomised controlled trials testing any osmotic therapy in adults or
   children with acute bacterial meningitis.
   Data collection and analysis
   Two review authors independently screened the search results and
   selected trials for inclusion. We collected data from each study for
   mortality, deafness, seizures and neurological disabilities. Results are
   presented using risk ratios (RR) and 95% confidence intervals (CI) and
   grouped according to whether the participants received steroids or not.
   Main results
   Four trials were included comprising 1091 participants. All compared
   glycerol (a water-soluble sugar alcohol) with a control; in three trials
   this was a placebo, and in one a small amount of 50% dextrose. Three
   trials included comparators of dexamethasone alone or in combination
   with glycerol. As dexamethasone appeared to have no modifying effect, we
   aggregated results across arms where both treatment and control groups
   received corticosteroids and where both treatment and control groups did
   not.
   Compared to placebo, glycerol may have little or no effect on death in
   people with bacterial meningitis (RR 1.09, 95% confidence interval (CI)
   0.89 to 1.33, 1091 participants, four trials, low-quality evidence); or
   on death and neurological disability combined (RR 1.04, 95% CI 0.86 to
   1.25).
   Glycerol may have little or no effect on seizures during treatment for
   meningitis (RR 1.08, 95% CI 0.90 to 1.30, 909 participants, three
   trials, low-quality evidence).
   Glycerol may reduce the risk of subsequent deafness (RR 0.60, 95% CI
   0.38 to 0.93, 741 participants, four trials, low-quality evidence).
   Authors' conclusions
   The only osmotic diuretic to have undergone randomised evaluation is
   glycerol. Data from trials to date have not demonstrated benefit on
   death, but it may reduce deafness. Osmotic diuretics, including
   glycerol, should not be given to adults and children with bacterial
   meningitis unless as part of carefully conducted randomised controlled
   trial.
SN 1469-493X
PY 2013
IS 3
BP 8806
EP 8806
UT CCC:000316885700017
ER

PT J
AU Witkowska, M
   Smolewski, P
AF Witkowska, Magdalena
   Smolewski, Piotr
TI Helicobacter pylori Infection, Chronic Inflammation, and Genomic
   Transformations in Gastric MALT Lymphoma
SO MEDIATORS OF INFLAMMATION
AB Nowadays, it is believed that the main role in the development of
   gastric mucosa-associated lymphoid tissue (MALT) lymphoma plays
   Helicobacter pylori infection. This world-wide distributed bacteria is
   in charge of most cases of not only upper gastrointestinal tract
   disorders but also some of extragastric problems. Constant stimulation
   of the immune system causes a B-lymphocytes proliferation, which is
   considered to be responsible for the neoplastic transformation. On the
   other hand, there are 10%-20% of patients who do not respond to
   Helicobacter pylori eradication treatment. This group has often a
   chromosome translocation, which suggests that there is another unknown,
   so far, pathogenetic mechanism of MALT lymphoma. Majority of genetic
   abnormalities are connected with nuclear factor-kappa B (NF-kappa B)
   pathway, which activates the uncontrolled proliferation of neoplastic
   cells. Translocations already described in studies are
   t(11;18)(q21;q21), which is the most common, t(14; 18)(q32;q21),
   t(14;18)(q32;q21), and t(3;14)(p14.1;q32). This non-Hodgkin's lymphoma
   is an indolent type originated outside lymph nodes. In more than 50% of
   cases, it occurs in the stomach. Occasionally, it can be found in
   salivary and thyroid gland, lung, breast, bladder, skin, or any other
   place in the human body. This paper is a review of the current knowledge
   on etiology, pathogenesis, treatment, and follow-up of gastric MALT
   lymphoma.
SN 0962-9351
PY 2013
BP 23170
EP 23170
UT CCC:000317221200001
ER

PT J
AU Gutierrez-Cepeda, L
   Fernandez, A
   Crespo, F
   Ramirez, MA
   Gosalvez, J
   Serres, C
AF Gutierrez-Cepeda, Luna
   Fernandez, Alvaro
   Crespo, Francisco
   Angel Ramirez, Miguel
   Gosalvez, Jaime
   Serres, Consuelo
TI The effect of two pre-cryopreservation single layer colloidal
   centrifugation protocols in combination with different freezing
   extenders on the fragmentation dynamics of thawed equine sperm DNA
SO ACTA VETERINARIA SCANDINAVICA
AB Background: Variability among stallions in terms of semen
   cryopreservation quality renders it difficult to arrive at a
   standardized cryopreservation method. Different extenders and processing
   techniques (such us colloidal centrifugation) are used in order to
   optimize post-thaw sperm quality. Sperm chromatin integrity analysis is
   an effective tool for assessing such quality. The aim of the present
   study was to compare the effect of two single layer colloidal
   centrifugation protocols (prior to cryopreservation) in combination with
   three commercial freezing extenders on the post-thaw chromatin integrity
   of equine sperm samples at different post-thaw incubation (37 degrees C)
   times (i.e., their DNA fragmentation dynamics).
   Results: Post-thaw DNA fragmentation levels in semen samples subjected
   to either of the colloidal centrifugation protocols were significantly
   lower (p<0.05) immediately after thawing and after 4 h of incubation at
   37 degrees C compared to samples that underwent standard (control)
   centrifugation. The use of InraFreeze (R) extender was associated with
   significantly less DNA fragmentation than the use of Botu-Crio (R)
   extender at 6 h of incubation, and than the use of either Botu-Crio (R)
   or Gent (R) extender at 24 h of incubation (p<0.05).
   Conclusions: These results suggest that single layer colloidal
   centrifugation performed with extended or raw semen prior to
   cryopreservation reduces DNA fragmentation during the first four hours
   after thawing. Further studies are needed to determine the influence of
   freezing extenders on equine sperm DNA fragmentation dynamics.
SN 0044-605X
PD DEC
PY 2012
VL 54
BP 72
EP 72
UT CCC:000317041000001
ER

PT J
AU Cordero, P
   Gomez-Uriz, AM
   Milagro, FI
   Campion, J
   Martinez, JA
AF Cordero, P.
   Gomez-Uriz, A. M.
   Milagro, F. I.
   Campion, J.
   Martinez, J. A.
TI Maternal weight gain induced by an obesogenic diet affects adipose
   accumulation, liver weight, and insulin homeostasis in the rat offspring
   depending on the sex
SO JOURNAL OF ENDOCRINOLOGICAL INVESTIGATION
AB Background: The aim of this research was to analyze the influence of the
   maternal dietary intake before pregnancy, as well as the parental impact
   on the response to a transgenerational high-fat-diet in rats. Methods:
   Ten female Wistar rats were fed a standard or a high-fat-sucrose (HFS)
   diet in the 8 weeks prior to pregnancy. Adult offsprings were assigned
   to a control or obesogenic diet for 8 weeks. Then, rat tissues and
   plasma samples were collected for analyzing tissue weight, liver
   triglycerides, and biochemical parameters such as triglycerides, HDL
   cholesterol, glucose, and insulin levels. Results: The offspring of rats
   fed a HFS diet gained less weight when they were fed the same diet than
   those fed a HFS diet combined with maternal control diet. Insulin levels
   were higher in rats fed a HFS diet (p<0.05) in both sexes; however,
   maternal HFS diet reversed, partially in males and totally in females,
   this hormonal imbalance. In male newborns, diet-induced maternal weight
   gain before pregnancy significantly influenced visceral (R-2=0.373) and
   subcutaneous (R-2=0.239) adipose deposition as well as liver weight
   (R-2=0.130). Paternal genetic make-up was also a relevant factor
   affecting adiposity in both sexes (R-2=0.333 in visceral fat; R-2=0.183
   in subcutaneous fat in males, and 0.292 and 0.282, respectively in
   females) as well as plasma triglycerides (R-2=0.193 in males and
   R-2=0.251 in females). Conclusions: The genetic parental background and
   pre-natal maternal diet are important factors in the response to a
   hypercaloric diet and affect body composition and glucose homeostasis
   traits, including insulin secretion and homeostatic model assessment
   index. (J. Endocrinol. Invest. 35: 981-986, 2012) (C) 2012, Editrice
   Kurtis
SN 0391-4097
PD DEC
PY 2012
VL 35
IS 11
BP 981
EP 986
UT CCC:000317092800007
ER

PT J
AU Reagan, WJ
   Yang, RZ
   Park, S
   Goldstein, R
   Brees, D
   Gong, DW
AF Reagan, William J.
   Yang, Rong-Ze
   Park, Soohyun
   Goldstein, Richard
   Brees, Dominique
   Gong, Da-Wei
TI Metabolic Adaptive ALT Isoenzyme Response in Livers of C57/BL6 Mice
   Treated with Dexamethasone
SO TOXICOLOGIC PATHOLOGY
AB Alanine aminotransferase (ALT) is used as an indicator of hepatocellular
   injury. Since ALT consists of two isoenzymes, a better understanding of
   ALT isoenzyme biology in response to compounds that cause metabolic
   adaptive versus hepatotoxic responses will allow for a more accurate
   assessment of the significance of an ALT increase. The purpose of this
   study was to characterize the ALT isoenzyme response in mice treated
   with 25 or 75 mg/kg of dexamethasone, which is known to induce a
   progluconeogenic state, for 24 or 72 hr. Those mice treated with 75
   mg/kg for 72 hr showed an increase in total liver ALT activity. Western
   blot showed that there was an increase in ALT2 at both doses and time
   points and there was a concurrent increase in ALT2 ribonucleic acid at
   24 and 72 hr. The ALT isoenzyme response assessed by an activity assay
   showed an increase in ALT2. The increases in liver ALT were associated
   with an increase in liver glycogen and there was no hepatocellular
   necrosis. There was an increase in total serum ALT activity, although
   serum isoenzymes were not evaluated. Thus, the authors demonstrated that
   dexamethasone induced increases in hepatic and serum ALT, which reflect
   a hepatocellular progluconeogenic metabolic adaptive response.
SN 0192-6233
PD DEC
PY 2012
VL 40
IS 8
BP 1117
EP 1127
UT CCC:000317079700003
ER

PT J
AU Strauss, HS
   Heiger-Bernays, W
AF Strauss, Harlee S.
   Heiger-Bernays, Wendy
TI Methodological Limitations May Prevent the Observation of Non-Hodgkin's
   Lymphoma in Bioassays of Polychlorinated Biphenyls
SO TOXICOLOGIC PATHOLOGY
AB Epidemiological studies increasingly indicate that polychlorinated
   biphenyls (PCBs) contribute to the risk of non-Hodgkin's lymphoma (NHL).
   In rodent bioassays, PCBs have long been demonstrated to be liver
   carcinogens, and excess tumors in the thyroid, lung, and other organs
   have been observed in more recent studies. Leukemias and lymphomas now
   classified as NHL were observed in one bioassay in which a concurrent
   infection was also reported. Clinical and epidemiological studies show
   immunosuppression and inflammation are strong risk factors for NHL, and
   both epidemiology and toxicology studies show that PCBs are
   immunosuppressive and cause inflammation. We reviewed published
   carcinogenesis bioassays conducted using commercial PCB products,
   individual congeners, and congener mixtures, with a focus on bioassay
   protocols and immune-related observations. Based on a mode-of-action
   framework for PCBs, we suggest that an immune challenge in conjunction
   with PCB exposure may be necessary for the observation of NHL. We
   conclude that the lack of concordance between human epidemiology and
   animal bioassays with respect to NHL may simply be the result of the
   bioassay methodology used, and not a difference in underlying biology.
   The lack of concordance should not be construed as evidence that PCBs do
   not contribute to the risk of NHL.
SN 0192-6233
PD OCT
PY 2012
VL 40
IS 7
BP 995
EP 1003
UT CCC:000317078200002
ER

PT J
AU Farhangi, MA
   Keshavarz, SA
   Eshraghian, M
   Ostadrahimi, A
   Saboor-Yaraghi, AA
AF Farhangi, Mandieh Abbasalizad
   Keshavarz, Seyyed Ali
   Eshraghian, Mohammadreza
   Ostadrahimi, Alireza
   Saboor-Yaraghi, Ali Akbar
TI The Effect of Vitamin A Supplementation on Thyroid Function in
   Premenopausal Women
SO JOURNAL OF THE AMERICAN COLLEGE OF NUTRITION
AB Objective: Vitamin A and its retinoid derivates play an important role
   in regulation of normal growth and development. Vitamin A has been shown
   to regulate thyroid hormone metabolism and inhibit thyroid-stimulating
   hormone (TSH) secretion via down regulation of TSH-beta gene expression;
   however, the effect of vitamin A on thyroid function in obese
   individuals who are at higher risk of subclinical hypothyroidism is
   still unclear. In the present study we investigate the impact of vitamin
   A supplementation on thyroid function in obese women.
   Method: A 4-month randomized, double blind controlled trial was
   conducted among 84 healthy women aged 17-50 years old: 56 were obese
   (body mass index [BMI] 30-35 kg/m(2)) and 28 were nonobese (BMI
   18.5-24.9 kg/m(2)). Obese women were randomly allocated to receive
   either vitamin A (25,000 IU/d retinyl palmitate) or placebo. Nonobese
   women received vitamin A. At baseline and 4 months after intervention,
   serum concentrations of TSH, total thyroxine (T4), total
   triiodothyronine (T3), retinol-binding protein (RBP), and transthyretin
   (TTR) were measured.
   Results: Baseline concentrations of thyroid hormones, RBP and TTR were
   not significantly different between groups. Vitamin A caused a
   significant reduction in serum TSH concentrations in obese (p = 0.004)
   and nonobese (p = 0.001) groups. Serum T3 concentrations also increased
   in both obese and nonobese vitamin A-treated groups (p < 0.001). Serum
   T4 decreased in all 3 groups after treatment. The results showed a
   significant reduction in serum RBP in the obese group after vitamin A
   supplementation (p = 0.007), but no significant change was seen in serum
   TTR.
   Conclusions: Serum TSH concentrations in vitamin A treated subjects were
   significantly reduced; therefore, vitamin A supplementation might reduce
   the risk of subclinical hypothyroidism in premenopausal women.
SN 0731-5724
PD AUG
PY 2012
VL 31
IS 4
BP 268
EP 274
UT CCC:000317144500005
ER

PT J
AU Downes, N
AF Downes, Noel
TI Juvenile Toxicity: Are We Asking the Right Questions?
SO TOXICOLOGIC PATHOLOGY
AB The recent increase in numbers of juvenile toxicity studies over the
   past few years has doubtless added to our knowledge of the development
   of organ systems in the young rodent, but it is perhaps rather more
   difficult to answer the questions as to whether this body of work has
   served us well in terms of assessing risk in the pediatric population.
   If there are shortcomings, are they the result of poor study design or
   poor sensitivity of the model, or are the wrong questions being posed?
   This article provides a superficial overview of the progress made thus
   far and considers which aspects of study design and model choice
   currently fail to adequately address the major issues surrounding
   pediatric toxicology.
SN 0192-6233
PD JUL
PY 2012
VL 40
IS 5
BP 830
EP 837
UT CCC:000317075900016
ER

PT J
AU Kantner, I
   Erben, RG
AF Kantner, Ingrid
   Erben, Reinhold G.
TI Long-Term Parenteral Administration of 2-Hydroxypropyl-beta-Cyclodextrin
   Causes Bone Loss
SO TOXICOLOGIC PATHOLOGY
AB Cyclodextrins are oligosaccharides which are used in the pharmaceutical
   industry and research as vehicles for application of apolar substances
   such as steroids. The aim of this study was to examine the long-term
   effects of parenteral administration of
   2-hydroxypropyl-beta-cyclodextrin (HP-beta-CD) on bone. Sham-operated
   (SHAM) or ovariectomized (OVX) adult rats were subcutaneously injected
   with physiological saline, 50, or 200 mg/kg HP-beta-CD daily. After 4
   months, body weight in OVX rats and uterine weight in SHAM rats were
   significantly lower after administration of 200 mg/kg HP-beta-CD,
   relative to vehicle controls. At 200 mg/kg, HP-beta-CD was hepatotoxic
   as measured by increased serum transaminases, and reduced serum albumin.
   Moreover, 200 mg/kg HP-beta-CD led to decreased vertebral and tibial
   bone mineral density (BMD), and to cortical thinning at the tibial
   shaft. Bone loss in HP-beta-CD-treated rats was associated with
   increased bone resorption as measured by increased renal
   deoxypyridinoline excretion. Although 50 mg/kg HP-beta-CD was devoid of
   overt signs of organ toxicity and did not impair BMD, bone resorption
   was already increased. In summary, subcutaneous long-term administration
   of HP-beta-CD at a daily dose of 200 mg/kg led to increased bone
   resorption and subsequent bone loss. Minor alterations in bone
   metabolism were also seen at 50 mg/kg.
SN 0192-6233
PD JUL
PY 2012
VL 40
IS 5
BP 742
EP 750
UT CCC:000317075900005
ER

PT J
AU Gunnarsdottir, I
   Dahl, L
AF Gunnarsdottir, Ingibjorg
   Dahl, Lisbeth
TI Iodine intake in human nutrition: a systematic literature review
SO FOOD & NUTRITION RESEARCH
AB The present literature review is a part of the NNR5 project with the aim
   of reviewing and updating the scientific basis of the 4th edition of the
   Nordic Nutrition Recommendations (NNR) issued in 2004. The main
   objective of the review is to assess the influence of different intakes
   of iodine at different life stages (infants, children, adolescents,
   adults, elderly, and during pregnancy and lactation) in order to
   estimate the requirement for adequate growth, development, and
   maintenance of health. The literature search resulted in 1,504
   abstracts. Out of those, 168 papers were identified as potentially
   relevant. Full paper selection resulted in 40 papers that were quality
   assessed (A, B, or C). The grade of evidence was classified as
   convincing, probable, suggestive, and no conclusion. We found suggestive
   evidence for improved maternal iodine status and thyroid function by
   iodine supplementation during pregnancy. Suggestive evidence was found
   for the relationship between improved thyroid function (used as an
   indicator of iodine status) during pregnancy and cognitive function in
   the offspring up to 18 months of age. Moderately to severely
   iodine-deficient children will probably benefit from iodine
   supplementation or improved iodine status in order to improve their
   cognitive function, while only one study showed improved cognitive
   function following iodine supplementation in children from a mildly
   iodine-deficient area (no conclusion). No conclusions can be drawn
   related to other outcomes included in our review. There are no new data
   supporting changes in dietary reference values for children or adults.
   The rationale for increasing the dietary reference values for pregnant
   and lactating women in the NNR5 needs to be discussed in a broader
   perspective, taking iodine status of pregnant women in the Nordic
   countries into account.
SN 1654-6628
PY 2012
VL 56
BP 19731
EP 19731
UT CCC:000317135100001
ER

EF